How many heads of the departments are older than 56 ?
List the name , born state and age of the heads of departments ordered by age .
List the creation year , name and budget of each department .
What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments ?
What is the average number of employees of the departments whose rank is between 10 and 15 ?
What are the names of the heads who are born outside the California state ?
What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama ' ?
What are the names of the states where at least 3 heads were born ?
In which year were most departments established ?
Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' ?
How many acting statuses are there ?
How many departments are led by heads who are not mentioned ?
What are the distinct ages of the heads who are acting ?
List the states where both the secretary of 'Treasury ' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security ' were born .
Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the id , name and the number of heads .
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name .
How many farms are there ?
Count the number of farms .
List the total number of horses on farms in ascending order .
What is the total horses record for each farm , sorted ascending ?
What are the hosts of competitions whose theme is not `` Aliens '' ?
Return the hosts of competitions for which the theme is not Aliens ?
What are the themes of farm competitions sorted by year in ascending order ?
Return the themes of farm competitions , sorted by year ascending .
What is the average number of working horses of farms with more than 5000 total number of horses ?
Give the average number of working horses on farms with more than 5000 total horses .
What are the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms .
Return the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms .
How many different statuses do cities have ?
Count the number of different statuses .
List official names of cities in descending order of population .
What are the official names of cities , ordered descending by population ?
List the official name and status of the city with the largest population .
What is the official name and status of the city with the most residents ?
Show the years and the official names of the host cities of competitions .
Give the years and official names of the cities of each competition .
Show the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition .
What are the official names of cities that have hosted more than one competition ?
Show the status of the city that has hosted the greatest number of competitions .
What is the status of the city that has hosted the most competitions ?
Please show the themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000 .
What are the themes of competitions that have corresponding host cities with more than 1000 residents ?
Please show the different statuses of cities and the average population of cities with each status .
What are the statuses and average populations of each city ?
Please show the different statuses , ordered by the number of cities that have each .
Return the different statuses of cities , ascending by frequency .
List the most common type of Status across cities .
What is the most common status across all cities ?
List the official names of cities that have not held any competition .
What are the official names of cities that have not hosted a farm competition ?
Show the status shared by cities with population bigger than 1500 and smaller than 500 .
Which statuses correspond to both cities that have a population over 1500 and cities that have a population lower than 500 ?
Find the official names of cities with population bigger than 1500 or smaller than 500 .
What are the official names of cities that have population over 1500 or less than 500 ?
Show the census ranking of cities whose status are not `` Village '' .
What are the census rankings of cities that do not have the status `` Village '' ?
which course has most number of registered students ?
What is the name of the course with the most registered students ?
what is id of students who registered some courses but the least number of courses in these students ?
What are the ids of the students who registered for some courses but had the least number of courses for all students ?
what are the first name and last name of all candidates ?
What are the first and last names of all the candidates ?
List the id of students who never attends courses ?
What are the ids of every student who has never attended a course ?
List the id of students who attended some courses ?
What are the ids of all students who have attended at least one course ?
What are the ids of all students for courses and what are the names of those courses ?
What is detail of the student who most recently registered course ?
What details do we have on the students who registered for courses most recently ?
How many students attend course English ?
How many students are attending English courses ?
How many courses do the student whose id is 171 attend ?
How many courses does the student with id 171 actually attend ?
Find id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan @ example.org ?
What is the id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan @ example.org ?
Find id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course ?
What is the id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course ?
What is detail of the student who registered the most number of courses ?
What are the details of the student who registered for the most number of courses ?
List the id of students who registered some courses and the number of their registered courses ?
For every student who is registered for some course , how many courses are they registered for ?
How many registed students do each course have ? List course name and the number of their registered students ?
For each course id , how many students are registered and what are the course names ?
Find id of candidates whose assessment code is `` Pass '' ?
What are the ids of the candidates that have an outcome code of Pass ?
Find the cell mobile number of the candidates whose assessment code is `` Fail '' ?
What are the cell phone numbers of the candidates that received an assessment code of `` Fail '' ?
What are the id of students who registered course 301 ?
What are the ids of the students who registered for course 301 ?
What is the id of the student who most recently registered course 301 ?
What are the ids of the students who registered for course 301 most recently ?
Find distinct cities of addresses of people ?
What are the different cities where people live ?
Find distinct cities of address of students ?
What are the different cities where students live ?
List the names of courses in alphabetical order ?
What are the names of the courses in alphabetical order ?
List the first names of people in alphabetical order ?
What are the first names of the people in alphabetical order ?
What are the id of students who registered courses or attended courses ?
What are the ids of the students who either registered or attended a course ?
Find the id of courses which are registered or attended by student whose id is 121 ?
What are the ids of the courses that are registered or attended by the student whose id is 121 ?
What are all info of students who registered courses but not attended courses ?
What are all details of the students who registered but did not attend any course ?
List the id of students who registered course statistics in the order of registration date .
What are the ids of the students who registered course statistics by order of registration date ?
List the id of students who attended statistics courses in the order of attendance date .
What are the ids of the students who attended courses in the statistics department in order of attendance date .
Give me the dates when the max temperature was higher than 85 .
What are the dates with a maximum temperature higher than 85 ?
What are the names of stations that have latitude lower than 37.5 ?
What are the names of all stations with a latitude smaller than 37.5 ?
For each city , return the highest latitude among its stations .
For each city , what is the highest latitude for its stations ?
Give me the start station and end station for the trips with the three oldest id .
What is the station station and end station for the trips with the three smallest ids ?
What is the average latitude and longitude of stations located in San Jose city ?
What is the average latitude and longitude in San Jose ?
What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration ?
What is the id of the shortest trip ?
What is the total and maximum duration of trips with bike id 636 ?
What is the total and maximum duration for all trips with the bike id 636 ?
For each zip code , return the average mean temperature of August there .
For each zip code , what is the average mean temperature for all dates that start with '8 ' ?
From the trip record , find the number of unique bikes .
How many different bike ids are there ?
What is the number of distinct cities the stations are located at ?
How many different cities have these stations ?
How many stations does Mountain View city has ?
How many stations are in Mountain View ?
Return the unique name for stations that have ever had 7 bikes available .
What are the different names for each station that has ever had 7 bikes available ?
Which start station had the most trips starting from August ? Give me the name and id of the station .
What are the start station 's name and id for the one that had the most start trips in August ?
Which bike traveled the most often in zip code 94002 ?
What is the id of the bike that traveled the most in 94002 ?
How many days had both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8 ?
What is the number of days that had an average humity above 50 and an average visibility above 8 ?
What is the latitude , longitude , city of the station from which the shortest trip started ?
What is the latitude , longitude , and city of the station from which the trip with smallest duration started ?
What are the ids of stations that are located in San Francisco and have average bike availability above 10 .
What are the ids of the stations in San Francisco that normally have more than 10 bikes available ?
What are the names and ids of stations that had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in December ?
What are the names and ids of all stations that have more than 14 bikes available on average or had bikes installed in December ?
What is the 3 most common cloud cover rates in the region of zip code 94107 ?
What are the 3 most common cloud covers in the zip code of 94107 ?
What is the zip code in which the average mean sea level pressure is the lowest ?
What is the zip code that has the lowest average mean sea level pressure ?
What is the average bike availability in stations that are not located in Palo Alto ?
What is the average bike availablility for stations not in Palo Alto ?
What is the average longitude of stations that never had bike availability more than 10 ?
What is the mean longitude for all stations that have never had more than 10 bikes available ?
When and in what zip code did max temperature reach 80 ?
What zip codes have a station with a max temperature greater than or equal to 80 and when did it reach that temperature ?
Give me ids for all the trip that took place in a zip code area with average mean temperature above 60 .
For each zip code , find the ids of all trips that have a higher average mean temperature above 60 ?
For each zip code , return how many times max wind speed reached 25 ?
For each zip code , how many times has the maximum wind speed reached 25 mph ?
On which day and in which zip code was the min dew point lower than any day in zip code 94107 ?
Which days had a minimum dew point smaller than any day in zip code 94107 , and in which zip codes were those measurements taken ?
For each trip , return its ending station 's installation date .
What is the installation date for each ending station on all the trips ?
Which trip started from the station with the largest dock count ? Give me the trip id .
What is the id of the trip that started from the station with the highest dock count ?
Count the number of trips that did not end in San Francisco city .
How many trips did not end in San Francisco ?
In zip code 94107 , on which day neither Fog nor Rain was not observed ?
On which day has it neither been foggy nor rained in the zip code of 94107 ?
What are the ids of stations that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7 ?
What are the ids of all stations that have a latitude above 37.4 and have never had less than 7 bikes available ?
What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city ?
What are the names of all stations that have more than 10 bikes available and are not located in San Jose ?
What are the name , latitude , and city of the station with the lowest latitude ?
What is the name , latitude , and city of the station that is located the furthest South ?
What are the date , mean temperature and mean humidity for the top 3 days with the largest max gust speeds ?
What is the date , average temperature and mean humidity for the days with the 3 largest maximum gust speeds ?
List the name and the number of stations for all the cities that have at least 15 stations .
What is the name of every city that has at least 15 stations and how many stations does it have ?
Find the ids and names of stations from which at least 200 trips started .
What are the ids and names of all start stations that were the beginning of at least 200 trips ?
Find the zip code in which the average mean visibility is lower than 10 .
For each zip code , select all those that have an average mean visiblity below 10 .
List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city 's stations ' highest latitude .
For each city , list their names in decreasing order by their highest station latitude .
What are the dates that had the top 5 cloud cover rates ? Also tell me the cloud cover rate .
What are the dates that have the 5 highest cloud cover rates and what are the rates ?
What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations ?
What are the ids of the trips that lasted the longest and how long did they last ?
For each station , return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station .
For each start station id , what is its name , longitude and average duration of trips started there ?
For each station , find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station .
For each end station id , what is its name , latitude , and minimum duration for trips ended there ?
List all the distinct stations from which a trip of duration below 100 started .
What are all the different start station names for a trip that lasted less than 100 ?
Find all the zip codes in which the max dew point have never reached 70 .
What are all the different zip codes that have a maximum dew point that was always below 70 ?
Find the id for the trips that lasted at least as long as the average duration of trips in zip code 94103 .
What are the ids of all trips that had a duration as long as the average trip duration in the zip code 94103 ?
What are the dates in which the mean sea level pressure was between 30.3 and 31 ?
What are the dates that have an average sea level pressure between 30.3 and 31 ?
Find the day in which the difference between the max temperature and min temperature was the smallest . Also report the difference .
What are the days that had the smallest temperature range , and what was that range ?
What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available ?
What are the different ids and names of the stations that have had more than 12 bikes available ?
Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 and at least 100 trips took place .
What are the zip codes that have an average mean humidity below 70 and had at least 100 trips come through there ?
What are the names of stations that are located in Palo Alto city but have never been the ending point of trips more than 100 times ?
What are the names of the stations that are located in Palo Alto but have never been the ending point of the trips
How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city ?
How many trips stated from a station in Mountain View and ended at one in Palo Alto ?
What is the average latitude and longitude of the starting points of all trips ?
What is the average latitude and longitude of all starting stations for the trips ?
How many books are there ?
List the writers of the books in ascending alphabetical order .
List the titles of the books in ascending order of issues .
What are the titles of the books whose writer is not `` Elaine Lee '' ?
What are the title and issues of the books ?
What are the dates of publications in descending order of price ?
What are the distinct publishers of publications with price higher than 5000000 ?
List the publisher of the publication with the highest price .
List the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices .
Show the title and publication dates of books .
Show writers who have published a book with price more than 4000000 .
Show the titles of books in descending order of publication price .
Show publishers that have more than one publication .
Show different publishers together with the number of publications they have .
Please show the most common publication date .
List the writers who have written more than one book .
List the titles of books that are not published .
Show the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 and publications with price lower than 5000000 .
What is the number of distinct publication dates ?
How many distinct publication dates are there in our record ?
Show the prices of publications whose publisher is either `` Person '' or `` Wiley ''
How many actors are there ?
Count the number of actors .
List the name of actors in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the names of actors , ordered alphabetically ?
What are the characters and duration of actors ?
Return the characters and durations for each actor .
List the name of actors whose age is not 20 .
What are the names of actors who are not 20 years old ?
What are the characters of actors in descending order of age ?
Return the characters for actors , ordered by age descending .
What is the duration of the oldest actor ?
Return the duration of the actor with the greatest age .
What are the names of musicals with nominee `` Bob Fosse '' ?
Return the names of musicals who have the nominee Bob Fosse .
What are the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not `` Tony Award '' ?
Return the different nominees of musicals that have an award that is not the Tony Award .
Show names of actors and names of musicals they are in .
What are the names of actors and the musicals that they are in ?
Show names of actors that have appeared in musical with name `` The Phantom of the Opera '' .
What are the names of actors who have been in the musical titled The Phantom of the Opera ?
Show names of actors in descending order of the year their musical is awarded .
What are the names of actors ordered descending by the year in which their musical was awarded ?
Show names of musicals and the number of actors who have appeared in the musicals .
How many actors have appeared in each musical ?
Show names of musicals which have at least three actors .
What are the names of musicals who have at 3 or more actors ?
Show different nominees and the number of musicals they have been nominated .
How many musicals has each nominee been nominated for ?
Please show the nominee who has been nominated the greatest number of times .
Who is the nominee who has been nominated for the most musicals ?
List the most common result of the musicals .
Return the most frequent result across all musicals .
List the nominees that have been nominated more than two musicals .
Who are the nominees who have been nominated more than two times ?
List the name of musicals that do not have actors .
What are the names of musicals who have no actors ?
Show the nominees that have nominated musicals for both `` Tony Award '' and `` Drama Desk Award '' .
Who are the nominees who have been nominated for both a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award ?
Show the musical nominee with award `` Bob Fosse '' or `` Cleavant Derricks '' .
Who are the nominees who were nominated for either of the Bob Fosse or Cleavant Derricks awards ?
Find the emails of the user named `` Mary '' .
What is the partition id of the user named `` Iron Man '' .
How many users are there ?
How many followers does each user have ?
Find the number of followers for each user .
Find the number of tweets in record .
Find the number of users who posted some tweets .
Find the name and email of the user whose name contains the word ‘Swift’ .
Find the names of users whose emails contain ‘superstar’ or ‘edu’ .
Return the text of tweets about the topic 'intern ' .
Find the name and email of the users who have more than 1000 followers .
Find the names of the users whose number of followers is greater than that of the user named `` Tyler Swift '' .
Find the name and email for the users who have more than one follower .
Find the names of users who have more than one tweet .
Find the id of users who are followed by Mary and Susan .
Find the id of users who are followed by Mary or Susan .
Find the name of the user who has the largest number of followers .
Find the name and email of the user followed by the least number of people .
List the name and number of followers for each user , and sort the results by the number of followers in descending order .
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users .
List the text of all tweets in the order of date .
Find the name of each user and number of tweets tweeted by each of them .
Find the name and partition id for users who tweeted less than twice .
Find the name of the user who tweeted more than once , and number of tweets tweeted by them .
Find the average number of followers for the users who do not have any tweet .
Find the average number of followers for the users who had some tweets .
Find the maximum and total number of followers of all users .
Find the names of all the catalog entries .
What are all the catalog entry names ?
Find the list of attribute data types possessed by more than 3 attribute definitions .
What are the attribute data types with more than 3 attribute definitions ?
What is the attribute data type of the attribute with name `` Green '' ?
Find the attribute data type for the attribute named `` Green '' .
Find the name and level of catalog structure with level between 5 and 10 .
What are the name and level of catalog structure with level number between 5 and 10
Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray ''
Which catalog publishers have substring `` Murray '' in their names ?
Which catalog publisher has published the most catalogs ?
Find the catalog publisher that has the most catalogs .
Find the names and publication dates of all catalogs that have catalog level number greater than 5 .
What are the name and publication date of the catalogs with catalog level number above 5 ?
What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute possessed by most entries .
Find the entry names of the catalog with the attribute that have the most entries .
What is the entry name of the most expensive catalog ( in USD ) ?
Find the entry name of the catalog with the highest price ( in USD ) .
What is the level name of the cheapest catalog ( in USD ) ?
Find the level name of the catalog with the lowest price ( in USD ) .
What are the average and minimum price ( in Euro ) of all products ?
Give me the average and minimum price ( in Euro ) of the products .
What is the product with the highest height ? Give me the catalog entry name .
Which catalog content has the highest height ? Give me the catalog entry name .
Find the name of the product that has the smallest capacity .
Which catalog content has the smallest capacity ? Return the catalog entry name .
Find the names of all the products whose stock number starts with `` 2 '' .
Which catalog contents have a product stock number that starts from `` 2 '' ? Show the catalog entry names .
Find the names of catalog entries with level number 8 .
What are the names of catalog entries with level number 8 ?
Find the names of the products with length smaller than 3 or height greater than 5 .
Which catalog contents have length below 3 or above 5 ? Find the catalog entry names .
Find the name and attribute ID of the attribute definitions with attribute value 0 .
Which attribute definitions have attribute value 0 ? Give me the attribute name and attribute ID .
Find the name and capacity of products with price greater than 700 ( in USD ) .
Which catalog contents has price above 700 dollars ? Show their catalog entry names and capacities .
Find the dates on which more than one revisions were made .
On which days more than one revisions were made on catalogs .
How many products are there in the records ?
Find the total number of catalog contents .
Name all the products with next entry ID greater than 8 .
What are the catalog entry names of the products with next entry ID above 8 ?
How many aircrafts do we have ?
How many aircrafts exist in the database ?
Show name and distance for all aircrafts .
What are the names and distances for all airplanes ?
Show ids for all aircrafts with more than 1000 distance .
What are the ids of all aircrafts that can cover a distance of more than 1000 ?
How many aircrafts have distance between 1000 and 5000 ?
What is the count of aircrafts that have a distance between 1000 and 5000 ?
What is the name and distance for aircraft with id 12 ?
What is the name and distance for the aircraft that has an id of 12 ?
What is the minimum , average , and maximum distance of all aircrafts .
Return the minimum , average and maximum distances traveled across all aircrafts .
Show the id and name of the aircraft with the maximum distance .
What is the id and name of the aircraft that can cover the maximum distance ?
Show the name of aircrafts with top three lowest distances .
What are the aircrafts with top 3 shortest lengthes ? List their names .
Show names for all aircrafts with distances more than the average .
What are the names of all aircrafts that can cover more distances than average ?
How many employees do we have ?
What is the number of employees ?
Show name and salary for all employees sorted by salary .
What is the name and salary of all employees in order of salary ?
Show ids for all employees with at least 100000 salary .
What is the id of every employee who has at least a salary of 100000 ?
How many employees have salary between 100000 and 200000 ?
What is the number of employees that have a salary between 100000 and 200000 ?
What is the name and salary for employee with id 242518965 ?
What is the name and salary of the employee with the id 242518965 ?
What is average and maximum salary of all employees .
What is the average and largest salary of all employees ?
Show the id and name of the employee with maximum salary .
What is the id and name of the employee with the highest salary ?
Show the name of employees with three lowest salaries .
What is the name of the 3 employees who get paid the least ?
Show names for all employees with salary more than the average .
What are the names of all employees who have a salary higher than average ?
Show the id and salary of Mark Young .
What is the id and salary of the employee named Mark Young ?
How many flights do we have ?
What is the number of flights ?
Show flight number , origin , destination of all flights in the alphabetical order of the departure cities .
What is the flight number , origin , and destination for all flights in alphabetical order by departure cities ?
Show all flight number from Los Angeles .
What are the numbers of all flights coming from Los Angeles ?
Show origins of all flights with destination Honolulu .
What are the origins of all flights that are headed to Honolulu ?
Show me the departure date and arrival date for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu .
What are the departure and arrival dates of all flights from LA to Honolulu ?
Show flight number for all flights with more than 2000 distance .
What are the numbers of all flights that can cover a distance of more than 2000 ?
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu .
What is the average price for flights from LA to Honolulu ?
Show origin and destination for flights with price higher than 300 .
What is the origin and destination for all flights whose price is higher than 300 ?
Show the flight number and distance of the flight with maximum price .
What is the flight number and its distance for the one with the maximum price ?
Show the flight number of flights with three lowest distances .
What are the numbers of the shortest flights ?
What is the average distance and average price for flights from Los Angeles .
What is the average distance and price for all flights from LA ?
Show all origins and the number of flights from each origin .
For each origin , how many flights came from there ?
Show all destinations and the number of flights to each destination .
What are the destinations and number of flights to each one ?
Which origin has most number of flights ?
What place has the most flights coming from there ?
Which destination has least number of flights ?
What destination has the fewest number of flights ?
What is the aircraft name for the flight with number 99
What is the name of the aircraft that was on flight number 99 ?
Show all flight numbers with aircraft Airbus A340-300 .
What are the flight numbers for the aircraft Airbus A340-300 ?
Show aircraft names and number of flights for each aircraft .
What is the name of each aircraft and how many flights does each one complete ?
Show names for all aircraft with at least two flights .
What are the names for all aircrafts with at least 2 flights ?
How many employees have certificate .
What is the count of distinct employees with certificates ?
Show ids for all employees who do n't have a certificate .
What are the ids of all employees that do n't have certificates ?
Show names for all aircrafts of which John Williams has certificates .
What are the names of all aircrafts that John Williams have certificates to be able to fly ?
Show names for all employees who have certificate of Boeing 737-800 .
What are the names of all employees who have a certificate to fly Boeing 737-800 ?
Show names for all employees who have certificates on both Boeing 737-800 and Airbus A340-300 .
What are the names of all employees who can fly both the Boeing 737-800 and the Airbus A340-300 ?
Show names for all employees who do not have certificate of Boeing 737-800 .
What are the names of all employees who are not certified to fly Boeing 737-800s ?
Show the name of aircraft which fewest people have its certificate .
What are the names of the aircraft that the least people are certified to fly ?
Show the name and distance of the aircrafts with more than 5000 distance and which at least 5 people have its certificate .
What is the name and distance of every aircraft that can cover a distance of more than 5000 and which at least 5 people can fly ?
what is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates ?
What is the salaray and name of the employee that is certified to fly the most planes ?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ?
What is the salaray and name of the employee with the most certificates to fly planes more than 5000 ?
How many allergies are there ?
How many allergy entries are there ?
How many different allergy types exist ?
How many distinct allergies are there ?
Show all allergy types .
What are the different allergy types ?
Show all allergies and their types .
What are the allergies and their types ?
Show all allergies with type food .
What are all the different food allergies ?
What is the type of allergy Cat ?
What is allergy type of a cat allergy ?
How many allergies have type animal ?
How many animal type allergies exist ?
Show all allergy types and the number of allergies in each type .
What are the allergy types and how many allergies correspond to each one ?
Which allergy type has most number of allergies ?
Which allergy type is most common ?
Which allergy type has least number of allergies ?
Which allergy type is the least common ?
How many students are there ?
What is the total number of students ?
Show first name and last name for all students .
What are the full names of all students
How many different advisors are listed ?
How many advisors are there ?
Show all majors .
What are the different majors ?
Show all cities where students live .
What cities do students live in ?
Show first name , last name , age for all female students . Their sex is F .
What are the full names and ages for all female students whose sex is F ?
Show student ids for all male students .
What are the student ids for all male students ?
How many students are age 18 ?
How many students are 18 years old ?
Show all student ids who are older than 20 .
What are the student ids for students over 20 years old ?
Which city does the student whose last name is `` Kim '' live in ?
Give the city that the student whose family name is Kim lives in .
Who is the advisor of student with ID 1004 ?
Who advises student 1004 ?
How many students live in HKG or CHI ?
Give the number of students living in either HKG or CHI .
Show the minimum , average , and maximum age of all students .
What is the minimum , mean , and maximum age across all students ?
What is the last name of the youngest student ?
Provide the last name of the youngest student .
Show the student id of the oldest student .
What student id corresponds to the oldest student ?
Show all majors and corresponding number of students .
How many students are there for each major ?
Which major has most number of students ?
What is the largest major ?
Show all ages and corresponding number of students .
How old is each student and how many students are each age ?
Show the average age for male and female students .
What are the average ages for male and female students ?
Show all cities and corresponding number of students .
How many students live in each city ?
Show all advisors and corresponding number of students .
How many students does each advisor have ?
Which advisor has most number of students ?
Give the advisor with the most students .
How many students have cat allergies ?
How many students are affected by cat allergies ?
Show all student IDs who have at least two allergies .
What are the students ids of students who have more than one allergy ?
What are the student ids of students who do n't have any allergies ?
Which students are unaffected by allergies ?
How many female students have milk or egg allergies ?
How many students who are female are allergic to milk or eggs ?
How many students have a food allergy ?
How many students are affected by food related allergies ?
Which allergy has most number of students affected ?
Which allergy is the most common ?
Show all allergies with number of students affected .
How many students have each different allergy ?
Show all allergy type with number of students affected .
How many students are affected by each allergy type ?
Find the last name and age of the student who has allergy to both milk and cat .
What are the last names and ages of the students who are allergic to milk and cat ?
What are the allergies and their types that the student with first name Lisa has ? And order the result by name of allergies .
What are the allergies the girl named Lisa has ? And what are the types of them ? Order the result by allergy names .
Find the first name and gender of the student who has allergy to milk but not cat .
What are the first name and gender of the students who have allergy to milk but can put up with cats ?
Find the average age of the students who have allergies with food and animal types .
How old are the students with allergies to food and animal types on average ?
List the first and last name of the students who do not have any food type allergy .
What is the full name of each student who is not allergic to any type of food .
Find the number of male ( sex is 'M ' ) students who have some food type allery .
How many male students ( sex is 'M ' ) are allergic to any type of food ?
Find the different first names and cities of the students who have allergy to milk or cat .
What are the distinct first names and cities of the students who have allergy either to milk or to cat ?
Find the number of students who are older than 18 and do not have allergy to either food or animal .
How many students are over 18 and do not have allergy to food type or animal type ?
Find the first name and major of the students who are not allegry to soy .
What are the first name and major of the students who are able to consume soy ?
A list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices . List country name and number of invoices .
What are the top 5 countries by number of invoices and how many do they have ?
A list of the top 8 countries by gross/total invoice size . List country name and gross invoice size .
What are the names of the top 8 countries by total invoice size and what are those sizes ?
A list of the top 10 countries by average invoice size . List country name and average invoice size .
What are the names of the countries and average invoice size of the top countries by size ?
Find out 5 customers who most recently purchased something . List customers ' first and last name .
What are the first and last names of the 5 customers who purchased something most recently ?
Find out the top 10 customers by total number of orders . List customers ' first and last name and the number of total orders .
What are the top 10 customers ' first and last names by total number of orders and how many orders did they make ?
List the top 10 customers by total gross sales . List customers ' first and last name and total gross sales .
What are the top 10 customers ' first and last names with the highest gross sales , and also what are the sales ?
List the top 5 genres by number of tracks . List genres name and total tracks .
How many tracks does each genre have and what are the names of the top 5 ?
List every album 's title .
What are the titles of all the albums ?
List every album ordered by album title in ascending order .
What are the titles of all the albums alphabetically ascending ?
List every album whose title starts with A in alphabetical order .
What are the titles of all albums that start with A in alphabetical order ?
List the customers first and last name of 10 least expensive invoices .
What are the first and last names of the customers with the 10 cheapest invoices ?
List total amount of invoice from Chicago , IL .
What are the total amount of money in the invoices billed from Chicago , Illinois ?
List the number of invoices from Chicago , IL .
How many invoices were billed from Chicago , IL ?
List the number of invoices from the US , grouped by state .
How many invoices were billed from each state ?
List the state in the US with the most invoices .
What are the states with the most invoices ?
List the number of invoices and the invoice total from California .
What is the number of invoices and total money billed in them from CA ?
List Aerosmith 's albums .
What are the titles of all the Aerosmith albums ?
How many albums does Billy Cobham has ?
How many albums has Billy Cobam released ?
Eduardo Martins is a customer at which company ?
What is the company where Eduardo Martins is a customer ?
What is Astrid Gruber 's email and phone number ?
What is the email and phone number of Astrid Gruber the customer ?
How many customers live in Prague city ?
How many customers live in the city of Prague ?
How many customers in state of CA ?
How many customers are from California ?
What country does Roberto Almeida live ?
In which country does Roberto Almeida ?
List the name of albums that are released by aritist whose name has 'Led '
What is the title of the album that was released by the artist whose name has the phrase 'Led ' ?
How many customers does Steve Johnson support ?
What is the count of customers that Steve Johnson supports ?
What is the title , phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards ?
What is the title , phone number and hire date for the employee named Nancy Edwards ?
find the full name of employees who report to Nancy Edwards ?
What is the first and last name of the employee who reports to Nancy Edwards ?
What is the address of employee Nancy Edwards ?
What is Nancy Edwards 's address ?
Find the full name of employee who supported the most number of customers .
What is the full name of the employee who has the most customers ?
How many employees are living in Canada ?
How many employees live in Canada ?
What is employee Nancy Edwards 's phone number ?
What is the the phone number of Nancy Edwards ?
Who is the youngest employee in the company ? List employee 's first and last name .
What si the youngest employee 's first and last name ?
List top 10 employee work longest in the company . List employee 's first and last name .
What are the first and last names of the top 10 longest-serving employees ?
Find the number of employees whose title is IT Staff from each city ?
How many employees who are IT staff are from each city ?
Which employee manage most number of peoples ? List employee 's first and last name , and number of people report to that employee .
What are the first and last names of all the employees and how many people report to them ?
How many orders does Lucas Mancini has ?
How many orders does Luca Mancini have in his invoices ?
What is the total amount of money spent by Lucas Mancini ?
How much money did Lucas Mancini spend ?
List all media types .
What are the names of all the media types ?
List all different genre types .
What are the different names of the genres ?
List the name of all playlist .
What are the names of all the playlists ?
Who is the composer of track Fast As a Shark ?
What is the composer who created the track `` Fast As a Shark '' ?
How long does track Fast As a Shark has ?
How many milliseconds long is Fast As a Shark ?
What is the name of tracks whose genre is Rock ?
What is the name of all tracks in the Rock genre ?
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belongs to ?
What is the name of the album that has the track Ball to the Wall ?
List name of all tracks in Balls to the Wall .
What is the name of all tracks in the album named Balls to the Wall ?
List title of albums have the number of tracks greater than 10 .
What are the names of the albums that have more than 10 tracks ?
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock and whose media type is MPEG audio file .
What are the names of all Rock tracks that are stored on MPEG audio files ?
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or media type is MPEG audio file .
What are the names of all tracks that belong to the Rock genre and whose media type is MPEG ?
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or genre Jazz .
What are the names of the tracks that are Rock or Jazz songs ?
List the name of all tracks in the playlists of Movies .
What are the names of all tracks that are on playlists titled Movies ?
List the name of playlist which has number of tracks greater than 100 .
What are the names of all playlists that have more than 100 tracks ?
List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters .
What are the tracks that Dean Peeters bought ?
How much is the track Fast As a Shark ?
What is the unit price of the tune `` Fast As a Shark '' ?
Find the name of tracks which are in Movies playlist but not in music playlist .
What are the names of all tracks that are on the Movies playlist but not in the music playlist ?
Find the name of tracks which are in both Movies and music playlists .
What are the names of all the tracks that are in both the Movies and music playlists ?
Find number of tracks in each genre ?
How many tracks are in each genre ?
How many editors are there ?
List the names of editors in ascending order of age .
What are the names and ages of editors ?
List the names of editors who are older than 25 .
Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25 .
What is the name of the youngest editor ?
What are the different ages of editors ? Show each age along with the number of editors of that age .
Please show the most common age of editors .
Show the distinct themes of journals .
Show the names of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees .
For each journal_committee , find the editor name and the journal theme .
Show the names and ages of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees , in ascending alphabetical order of theme .
Show the names of editors that are on the committee of journals with sales bigger than 3000 .
Show the id , name of each editor and the number of journal committees they are on .
Show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees .
List the names of editors that are not on any journal committee .
List the date , theme and sales of the journal which did not have any of the listed editors serving on committee .
What is the average sales of the journals that have an editor whose work type is 'Photo ' ?
How many accounts do we have ?
Count the number of accounts .
Show ids , customer ids , names for all accounts .
What are the account ids , customer ids , and account names for all the accounts ?
Show other account details for account with name 338 .
What are the other account details for the account with the name 338 ?
What is the first name , last name , and phone of the customer with account name 162 ?
Give the full name and phone of the customer who has the account name 162 .
How many accounts does the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte have ?
Return the number of accounts that the customer with the first name Art and last name Turcotte has .
Show all customer ids and the number of accounts for each customer .
How many accounts are there for each customer id ?
Show the customer id and number of accounts with most accounts .
What is the customer id of the customer with the most accounts , and how many accounts does this person have ?
What is the customer first , last name and id with least number of accounts .
Give the full name and customer id of the customer with the fewest accounts .
Show the number of all customers without an account .
How many customers do not have an account ?
Show the first names and last names of customers without any account .
What are the full names of customers who do not have any accounts ?
Show distinct first and last names for all customers with an account .
What are the full names of customers who have accounts ?
How many customers have an account ?
Count the number of customers who hold an account .
How many customers do we have ?
Count the number of customers .
Show ids , first names , last names , and phones for all customers .
What are the ids , full names , and phones of each customer ?
What is the phone and email for customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest ?
Return the phone and email of the customer with the first name Aniyah and last name Feest .
Show the number of customer cards .
How many customer cards are there ?
Show ids , customer ids , card type codes , card numbers for all cards .
What are card ids , customer ids , card types , and card numbers for each customer card ?
Show the date valid from and the date valid to for the card with card number '4560596484842 ' .
What are the valid from and valid to dates for the card with the number 4560596484842 ?
What is the first name , last name , and phone of the customer with card 4560596484842 .
Return the full name and phone of the customer who has card number 4560596484842 .
How many cards does customer Art Turcotte have ?
Count the number of cards the customer with the first name Art and last name Turcotte has .
How many debit cards do we have ?
Count the number of customer cards of the type Debit .
How many credit cards does customer Blanche Huels have ?
Count the number of credit cards that the customer with first name Blanche and last name Huels has .
Show all customer ids and the number of cards owned by each customer .
What are the different customer ids , and how many cards does each one hold ?
What is the customer id with most number of cards , and how many does he have ?
Return the id of the customer who has the most cards , as well as the number of cards .
Show id , first and last names for all customers with at least two cards .
What are the ids and full names of customers who hold two or more cards ?
What is the customer id , first and last name with least number of accounts .
Return the id and full name of the customer who has the fewest accounts .
Show all card type codes and the number of cards in each type .
What are the different card types , and how many cards are there of each ?
What is the card type code with most number of cards ?
Return the code of the card type that is most common .
Show card type codes with at least 5 cards .
What are the codes of card types that have 5 or more cards ?
Show all card type codes and the number of customers holding cards in each type .
What are the different card type codes , and how many different customers hold each type ?
Show the customer ids and firstname without a credit card .
What are the ids and first names of customers who do not hold a credit card ?
Show all card type codes .
What are the different card type codes ?
Show the number of card types .
How many different card types are there ?
Show all transaction types .
What are the different types of transactions ?
Show the number of transaction types .
How many different types of transactions are there ?
What is the average and total transaction amount ?
Return the average transaction amount , as well as the total amount of all transactions .
Show the card type codes and the number of transactions .
What are the different card types , and how many transactions have been made with each ?
Show the transaction type and the number of transactions .
What are the different transaction types , and how many transactions of each have taken place ?
What is the transaction type that has processed the greatest total amount in transactions ?
Return the type of transaction with the highest total amount .
Show the account id and the number of transactions for each account
What are the different account ids that have made financial transactions , as well as how many transactions correspond to each ?
How many tracks do we have ?
Count the number of tracks .
Show the name and location for all tracks .
What are the names and locations of all tracks ?
Show names and seatings , ordered by seating for all tracks opened after 2000 .
What are the names and seatings for all tracks opened after 2000 , ordered by seating ?
What is the name , location and seating for the most recently opened track ?
Return the name , location , and seating of the track that was opened in the most recent year .
What is the minimum , maximum , and average seating for all tracks .
Return the minimum , maximum , and average seating across all tracks .
Show the name , location , open year for all tracks with a seating higher than the average .
What are the names , locations , and years of opening for tracks with seating higher than average ?
What are distinct locations where tracks are located ?
Give the different locations of tracks .
How many races are there ?
Count the number of races .
What are the distinct classes that races can have ?
Return the different classes of races .
Show name , class , and date for all races .
What are the names , classes , and dates for all races ?
Show the race class and number of races in each class .
What are the different classes of races , and how many races correspond to each ?
What is the race class with most number of races .
Give the class of races that is most common .
List the race class with at least two races .
What are the classes of races that have two or more corresponding races ?
What are the names for tracks without a race in class 'GT ' .
Give the names of tracks that do not have a race in the class 'GT ' .
Show all track names that have had no races .
Return the names of tracks that have no had any races .
Show year where a track with a seating at least 5000 opened and a track with seating no more than 4000 opened .
What are the years of opening for tracks with seating between 4000 and 5000 ?
Show the name of track and the number of races in each track .
What are the names of different tracks , and how many races has each had ?
Show the name of track with most number of races .
What is the name of the track that has had the greatest number of races ?
Show the name and date for each race and its track name .
What are the names and dates of races , and the names of the tracks where they are held ?
Show the name and location of track with 1 race .
What are the names and locations of tracks that have had exactly 1 race ?
Find the locations where have both tracks with more than 90000 seats and tracks with less than 70000 seats .
What are the locations that have both tracks with more than 90000 seats , and tracks with fewer than 70000 seats ?
How many members have the black membership card ?
Find the number of members living in each address .
Give me the names of members whose address is in Harford or Waterbury .
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 or with black membership card .
Find the purchase time , age and address of each member , and show the results in the order of purchase time .
Which membership card has more than 5 members ?
Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40 ?
What is the membership card held by both members living in Hartford and ones living in Waterbury address ?
How many members are not living in Hartford ?
Which address do not have any member with the black membership card ?
Show the shop addresses ordered by their opening year .
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops ?
Find the id and address of the shops whose score is below the average score .
Find the address and staff number of the shops that do not have any happy hour .
What are the id and address of the shops which have a happy hour in May ?
which shop has happy hour most frequently ? List its id and number of happy hours .
Which month has the most happy hours ?
Which months have more than 2 happy hours ?
How many albums are there ?
Find the number of albums .
List the names of all music genres .
What are the names of different music genres ?
Find all the customer information in state NY .
What is all the customer information for customers in NY state ?
What are the first names and last names of the employees who live in Calgary city .
Find the full names of employees living in the city of Calgary .
What are the distinct billing countries of the invoices ?
Find the different billing countries for all invoices .
Find the names of all artists that have `` a '' in their names .
What are the names of artist who have the letter 'a ' in their names ?
Find the title of all the albums of the artist `` AC/DC '' .
What are the titles of albums by the artist `` AC/DC '' ?
Hom many albums does the artist `` Metallica '' have ?
Find the number of albums by the artist `` Metallica '' .
Which artist does the album `` Balls to the Wall '' belong to ?
Find the name of the artist who made the album `` Balls to the Wall '' .
Which artist has the most albums ?
What is the name of the artist with the greatest number of albums ?
Find the names of all the tracks that contain the word `` you '' .
What are the names of tracks that contain the the word you in them ?
What is the average unit price of all the tracks ?
Find the average unit price for a track .
What are the durations of the longest and the shortest tracks in milliseconds ?
Find the maximum and minimum durations of tracks in milliseconds .
Show the album names , ids and the number of tracks for each album .
What are the names and ids of the different albums , and how many tracks are on each ?
What is the name of the most common genre in all tracks ?
Find the name of the genre that is most frequent across all tracks .
What is the least common media type in all tracks ?
What is the name of the media type that is least common across all tracks ?
Show the album names and ids for albums that contain tracks with unit price bigger than 1 .
What are the titles and ids for albums containing tracks with unit price greater than 1 ?
How many tracks belong to rock genre ?
Count the number of tracks that are part of the rock genre .
What is the average unit price of tracks that belong to Jazz genre ?
Find the average unit price of jazz tracks .
What is the first name and last name of the customer that has email `` luisg @ embraer.com.br '' ?
Find the full name of the customer with the email `` luisg @ embraer.com.br '' .
How many customers have email that contains `` gmail.com '' ?
Count the number of customers that have an email containing `` gmail.com '' .
What is the first name and last name employee helps the customer with first name Leonie ?
Find the full names of employees who help customers with the first name Leonie .
What city does the employee who helps the customer with postal code 70174 live in ?
Find the cities corresponding to employees who help customers with the postal code 70174 .
How many distinct cities does the employees live in ?
Find the number of different cities that employees live in .
Find all invoice dates corresponding to customers with first name Astrid and last name Gruber .
What are the invoice dates for customers with the first name Astrid and the last name Gruber ?
Find all the customer last names that do not have invoice totals larger than 20 .
What are the last names of customers without invoice totals exceeding 20 ?
Find the first names of all customers that live in Brazil and have an invoice .
What are the different first names for customers from Brazil who have also had an invoice ?
Find the address of all customers that live in Germany and have invoice .
What are the addresses of customers living in Germany who have had an invoice ?
List the phone numbers of all employees .
What are the phone numbers for each employee ?
How many tracks are in the AAC audio file media type ?
Count the number of tracks that are of the media type `` AAC audio file '' .
What is the average duration in milliseconds of tracks that belong to Latin or Pop genre ?
Find the average millisecond length of Latin and Pop tracks .
Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers .
What are the first names and support rep ids for employees serving 10 or more customers ?
Please show the employee last names that serves no more than 20 customers .
What are the last names of employees who serve at most 20 customers ?
Please list all album titles in alphabetical order .
What are all the album titles , in alphabetical order ?
Please list the name and id of all artists that have at least 3 albums in alphabetical order .
What are the names and ids of artists with 3 or more albums , listed in alphabetical order ?
Find the names of artists that do not have any albums .
What are the names of artists who have not released any albums ?
What is the average unit price of rock tracks ?
Find the average unit price of tracks from the Rock genre .
What are the duration of the longest and shortest pop tracks in milliseconds ?
Find the maximum and minimum millisecond lengths of pop tracks .
What are the birth dates of employees living in Edmonton ?
Find the birth dates corresponding to employees who live in the city of Edmonton .
What are the distinct unit prices of all tracks ?
Find the distinct unit prices for tracks .
How many artists do not have any album ?
Cound the number of artists who have not released an album .
What are the album titles for albums containing both 'Reggae ' and 'Rock ' genre tracks ?
Find the titles of albums that contain tracks of both the Reggae and Rock genres .
Find all the phone numbers .
What are all the phone numbers ?
What are the customer phone numbers under the policy `` Life Insurance '' ?
What are the phone numbers of customers using the policy with the code `` Life Insurance '' ?
Which policy type has the most records in the database ?
Which policy type appears most frequently in the available policies ?
What are all the customer phone numbers under the most popular policy type ?
Find the phone numbers of customers using the most common policy type among the available policies .
Find the policy type used by more than 4 customers .
Find the policy types more than 4 customers use . Show their type code .
Find the total and average amount of settlements .
Return the sum and average of all settlement amounts .
Find the name of services that have been used for more than 2 times in first notification of loss .
Which services have been used more than twice in first notification of loss ? Return the service name .
What is the effective date of the claim that has the largest amount of total settlement ?
Find the claim that has the largest total settlement amount . Return the effective date of the claim .
How many policies are listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ?
Count the total number of policies used by the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' .
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed ?
Which customer uses the most policies ? Give me the customer name .
What are all the policy types of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ?
Tell me the types of the policy used by the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' .
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed ?
List all the policy types used by the customer enrolled in the most policies .
List all the services in the alphabetical order .
Give me a list of all the service names sorted alphabetically .
How many services are there ?
Count the total number of available services .
Find the names of users who do not have a first notification of loss record .
Which customers do not have a first notification of loss record ? Give me the customer names .
Find the names of customers who have used either the service `` Close a policy '' or the service `` Upgrade a policy '' .
Which customers have used the service named `` Close a policy '' or `` Upgrade a policy '' ? Give me the customer names .
Find the names of customers who have used both the service `` Close a policy '' and the service `` New policy application '' .
Which customers have used both the service named `` Close a policy '' and the service named `` Upgrade a policy '' ? Give me the customer names .
Find the IDs of customers whose name contains `` Diana '' .
What are the IDs of customers who have `` Diana '' in part of their names ?
What are the maximum and minimum settlement amount on record ?
Find the maximum and minimum settlement amount .
List all the customers in increasing order of IDs .
What is the ordered list of customer ids ?
Retrieve the open and close dates of all the policies associated with the customer whose name contains `` Diana ''
What are the open and close dates of all the policies used by the customer who have `` Diana '' in part of their names ?
How many kinds of enzymes are there ?
What is the total count of enzymes ?
List the name of enzymes in descending lexicographical order .
What are the names of enzymes in descending order ?
List the names and the locations that the enzymes can make an effect .
What are the names and locations of all enzymes listed ?
What is the maximum Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man ( OMIM ) value of the enzymes ?
What is the maximum OMIM value in the database ?
What is the product , chromosome and porphyria related to the enzymes which take effect at the location 'Cytosol ' ?
What is the product , chromosome , and porphyria of the enzymes located at 'Cytosol ' ?
What are the names of enzymes who does not produce 'Heme ' ?
What are the names of enzymes whose product is not 'Heme ' ?
What are the names and trade names of the medicines which has 'Yes ' value in the FDA record ?
What are the names and trade names of the medcines that are FDA approved ?
What are the names of enzymes in the medicine named 'Amisulpride ' that can serve as an 'inhibitor ' ?
What are the names of the enzymes used in the medicine Amisulpride that acts as inhibitors ?
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes ?
For every medicine id , what are the names of the medicines that can interact with more than one enzyme ?
What are the ids , names and FDA approval status of medicines in descending order of the number of enzymes that it can interact with .
What are the ids , names , and FDA approval status for medicines ordered by descending number of possible enzyme interactions ?
What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator ' ?
What is the id and name of the enzyme that can interact with the most medicines as an activator ?
What is the interaction type of the enzyme named 'ALA synthase ' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole ' ?
What is the type of interaction for the enzyme named 'ALA synthase ' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole ' ?
What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine ? And how many are there ?
What are the most common types of interactions between enzymes and medicine , and how many types are there ?
How many medicines have the FDA approval status 'No ' ?
How many medicines were not approved by the FDA ?
How many enzymes do not have any interactions ?
What is the count of enzymes without any interactions ?
What is the id and trade name of the medicines can interact with at least 3 enzymes ?
What are the ids and trade names of the medicine that can interact with at least 3 enzymes ?
What are the distinct name , location and products of the enzymes which has any 'inhibitor ' interaction ?
What are the different names , locations , and products of the enzymes that are capable inhibitor interactions ?
List the medicine name and trade name which can both interact as 'inhibitor ' and 'activitor ' with enzymes .
What are the medicine and trade names that can interact as an inhibitor and activitor with enzymes ?
Show the medicine names and trade names that can not interact with the enzyme with product 'Heme ' .
What are the medicine and trade names that can not interact with the enzyme with the product 'Heme ' ?
How many distinct FDA approval statuses are there for the medicines ?
How many different FDA approval statuses exist for medicines ?
Which enzyme names have the substring `` ALA '' ?
What are the names of enzymes that include the string 'ALA ' ?
find the number of medicines offered by each trade .
How many medicines are offered by each trade name ?
List all schools and their nicknames in the order of founded year .
What are the different schools and their nicknames , ordered by their founding years ?
List all public schools and their locations .
What are the public schools and what are their locations ?
When was the school with the largest enrollment founded ?
Return the founded year for the school with the largest enrollment .
Find the founded year of the newest non public school .
What is the founded year of the non public school that was founded most recently ?
How many schools are in the basketball match ?
Count the number of schools that have had basketball matches .
What is the highest acc percent score in the competition ?
Return the highest acc percent across all basketball matches .
What is the primary conference of the school that has the lowest acc percent score in the competition ?
Return the primary conference of the school with the lowest acc percentage score .
What is the team name and acc regular season score of the school that was founded for the longest time ?
Return the name of the team and the acc during the regular season for the school that was founded the earliest .
Find the location and all games score of the school that has Clemson as its team name .
What are the all games score and location of the school called Clemson ?
What are the average enrollment size of the universities that are founded before 1850 ?
Return the average enrollment of universities founded before 1850 .
Show the enrollment and primary_conference of the oldest college .
What are the enrollment and primary conference for the university which was founded the earliest ?
What is the total and minimum enrollment of all schools ?
Return the total and minimum enrollments across all schools .
Find the total student enrollment for different affiliation type schools .
What are the total enrollments of universities of each affiliation type ?
How many schools do not participate in the basketball match ?
Count the number of universities that do not participate in the baketball match .
Find the schools that were either founded after 1850 or public .
What are the schools that were either founded before 1850 or are public ?
Find how many different affiliation types there are .
Count the number of different affiliation types .
Find how many school locations have the word 'NY ' .
How many universities have a location that contains NY ?
Find the team names of the universities whose enrollments are smaller than the average enrollment size .
What are the names of teams from universities that have a below average enrollment ?
Find the number of universities that have over a 20000 enrollment size for each affiliation type .
What are the different affiliations , and how many schools with each have an enrollment size of above 20000 ?
Find the total number of students enrolled in the colleges that were founded after the year of 1850 for each affiliation type .
What are the different affiliations , and what is the total enrollment of schools founded after 1850 for each enrollment type ?
What is the maximum enrollment across all schools ?
Return the maximum enrollment across all schools .
List all information regarding the basketball match .
What is all the information about the basketball match ?
List names of all teams in the basketball competition , ordered by all home scores in descending order .
What are the names of all the teams in the basketball competition , sorted by all home scores in descending order ?
the names of models that launched between 2002 and 2004 .
Which model has the least amount of RAM ? List the model name and the amount of RAM .
What are the chip model and screen mode of the phone with hardware model name `` LG-P760 '' ?
How many phone hardware models are produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' ?
What is maximum and minimum RAM size of phone produced by company named `` Nokia Corporation '' ?
What is the average ROM size of phones produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' ?
List the hardware model name and company name for all the phones that were launched in year 2002 or have RAM size greater than 32 .
Find all phones that have word 'Full ' in their accreditation types . List the Hardware Model name and Company name .
Find the Char cells , Pixels and Hardware colours for the screen of the phone whose hardware model name is `` LG-P760 '' .
List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is `` Graphics . ''
Find the name of the company that has the least number of phone models . List the company name and the number of phone model produced by that company .
List the name of the company that produced more than one phone model .
List the maximum , minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode .
List the name of the phone model launched in year 2002 and with the highest RAM size .
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named `` LG-P760 '' ?
List the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Text '' or RAM size greater than 32 .
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' or whose screen mode type is `` Graphics . ''
List the hardware model name for the phons that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' but whose screen mode type is not Text .
List the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is between 10 and 15 .
Find the number of phones for each accreditation type .
How many phones belongs to each accreditation type ?
Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use .
Find the details for all chip models .
How many models do not have the wifi function ?
Count the number of chip model that do not have wifi .
List all the model names sorted by their launch year .
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone .
Find the names of the chip models that are not used by any phone with full accreditation type .
Find the pixels of the screen modes that are used by both phones with full accreditation types and phones with Provisional accreditation types .
How many countries are there in total ?
Count the number of countries .
Show the country name and capital of all countries .
What are the names and capitals of each country ?
Show all official native languages that contain the word `` English '' .
What are the official native languages that contain the string `` English '' .
Show all distinct positions of matches .
What are the different positions for match season ?
Show the players from college UCLA .
Who are the players from UCLA ?
Show the distinct position of players from college UCLA or Duke .
What are the different positions of players from UCLA or Duke colleges ?
Show the draft pick numbers and draft classes of players whose positions are defenders .
What are the draft pick numbers and draft classes for players who play the Defender position ?
How many distinct teams are involved in match seasons ?
Count the number of different teams involved in match season .
Show the players and the years played .
Who are the different players and how many years has each played ?
Show all team names .
What are the names of all teams ?
Show the season , the player , and the name of the country that player belongs to .
For each player , what are their name , season , and country that they belong to ?
Which players are from Indonesia ?
Who are the players from Indonesia ?
What are the distinct positions of the players from a country whose capital is Dublin ?
Give the different positions of players who play for the country with the capital Dublin .
What are the official languages of the countries of players from Maryland or Duke college ?
Return the official native languages of countries who have players from Maryland or Duke colleges .
How many distinct official languages are there among countries of players whose positions are defenders .
Count the number of different official languages corresponding to countries that players who play Defender are from .
Show the season , the player , and the name of the team that players belong to .
Who are the different players , what season do they play in , and what is the name of the team they are on ?
Show the positions of the players from the team with name `` Ryley Goldner '' .
Return the positions of players on the team Ryley Goldner .
How many distinct colleges are associated with players from the team with name `` Columbus Crew '' .
Count the number of different colleges that players who play for Columbus Crew are from .
Show the players and years played for players from team `` Columbus Crew '' .
What are the players who played for Columbus Crew , and how many years did each play for ?
Show the position of players and the corresponding number of players .
How many players played each position ?
Show the country names and the corresponding number of players .
How many players are from each country ?
Return all players sorted by college in ascending alphabetical order .
What are all the players who played in match season , sorted by college in ascending alphabetical order ?
Show the most common position of players in match seasons .
What is the position that is most common among players in match seasons ?
Show the top 3 most common colleges of players in match seasons .
What are the three colleges from which the most players are from ?
Show the name of colleges that have at least two players .
What are the names of all colleges that have two or more players ?
Show the name of colleges that have at least two players in descending alphabetical order .
What are the names of colleges that have two or more players , listed in descending alphabetical order ?
What are the names of teams that do no have match season record ?
Return the names of teams that have no match season record .
What are the names of countries that have both players with position forward and players with position defender ?
Return the names of countries that have players that play the Forward position , as well as players who play the Defender position .
Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender ?
Return the colleges that have players who play the Midfielder position , as well as players who play the Defender position .
How many climbers are there ?
Count the number of climbers .
List the names of climbers in descending order of points .
What are the names of the climbers , ordered by points descending ?
List the names of climbers whose country is not Switzerland .
What are the names of climbers who are not from the country of Switzerland ?
What is the maximum point for climbers whose country is United Kingdom ?
Return the maximum number of points for climbers from the United Kingdom .
How many distinct countries are the climbers from ?
Count the number of different countries that climbers are from .
What are the names of mountains in ascending alphabetical order ?
Give the names of mountains in alphabetical order .
What are the countries of mountains with height bigger than 5000 ?
Return the countries of the mountains that have a height larger than 5000 .
What is the name of the highest mountain ?
Return the name of the mountain with the greatest height .
List the distinct ranges of the mountains with the top 3 prominence .
What are the different ranges of the 3 mountains with the highest prominence ?
Show names of climbers and the names of mountains they climb .
What are the names of climbers and the corresponding names of mountains that they climb ?
Show the names of climbers and the heights of mountains they climb .
What are the names of climbers and the corresponding heights of the mountains that they climb ?
Show the height of the mountain climbed by the climber with the maximum points .
What is the height of the mountain climbined by the climbing who had the most points ?
Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country `` West Germany '' .
What are the different names of mountains ascended by climbers from the country of West Germany ?
Show the times used by climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda .
What are the times used by climbers who climbed mountains in the country of Uganda ?
Please show the countries and the number of climbers from each country .
How many climbers are from each country ?
List the countries that have more than one mountain .
Which countries have more than one mountain ?
List the names of mountains that do not have any climber .
What are the names of countains that no climber has climbed ?
Show the countries that have mountains with height more than 5600 stories and mountains with height less than 5200 .
What are the countries that have both mountains that are higher than 5600 and lower than 5200 ?
Show the range that has the most number of mountains .
Which range contains the most mountains ?
Show the names of mountains with height more than 5000 or prominence more than 1000 .
What are the names of mountains that have a height of over 5000 or a prominence of over 1000 ?
How many body builders are there ?
List the total scores of body builders in ascending order .
List the snatch score and clean jerk score of body builders in ascending order of snatch score .
What is the average snatch score of body builders ?
What are the clean and jerk score of the body builder with the highest total score ?
What are the birthdays of people in ascending order of height ?
What are the names of body builders ?
What are the names of body builders whose total score is higher than 300 ?
What is the name of the body builder with the greatest body weight ?
What are the birth date and birth place of the body builder with the highest total points ?
What are the heights of body builders with total score smaller than 315 ?
What is the average total score of body builders with height bigger than 200 ?
What are the names of body builders in descending order of total scores ?
List each birth place along with the number of people from there .
What is the most common birth place of people ?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people ?
List the height and weight of people in descending order of height .
Show all information about each body builder .
List the names and origins of people who are not body builders .
How many distinct birth places are there ?
How many persons are not body builders ?
List the weight of the body builders who have snatch score higher than 140 or have the height greater than 200 .
What are the total scores of the body builders whose birthday contains the string `` January '' ?
What is the minimum snatch score ?
How many elections are there ?
List the votes of elections in descending order .
List the dates and vote percents of elections .
What are the minimum and maximum vote percents of elections ?
What are the names and parties of representatives ?
What are the names of representatives whose party is not `` Republican '' ?
What are the life spans of representatives from New York state or Indiana state ?
What are the names of representatives and the dates of elections they participated in .
What are the names of representatives with more than 10000 votes in election ?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes ?
What is the party of the representative that has the smallest number of votes .
What are the lifespans of representatives in descending order of vote percent ?
What is the average number of votes of representatives from party `` Republican '' ?
What are the different parties of representative ? Show the party name and the number of representatives in each party .
What is the party that has the largest number of representatives ?
What parties have at least three representatives ?
What states have at least two representatives ?
List the names of representatives that have not participated in elections listed here .
Show the parties that have both representatives in New York state and representatives in Pennsylvania state .
How many distinct parties are there for representatives ?
How many apartment bookings are there in total ?
Count the total number of apartment bookings .
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings .
What are the start date and end date of each apartment booking ?
Show all distinct building descriptions .
Give me a list of all the distinct building descriptions .
Show the short names of the buildings managed by `` Emma '' .
Which buildings does `` Emma '' manage ? Give me the short names of the buildings .
Show the addresses and phones of all the buildings managed by `` Brenden '' .
What are the address and phone number of the buildings managed by `` Brenden '' ?
What are the building full names that contain the word `` court '' ?
Find all the building full names containing the word `` court '' .
What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments ?
Give me the minimum and maximum bathroom count among all the apartments .
What is the average number of bedrooms of all apartments ?
Find the average number of bedrooms of all the apartments .
Return the apartment number and the number of rooms for each apartment .
What are the apartment number and the room count of each apartment ?
What is the average number of rooms of apartments with type code `` Studio '' ?
Find the average room count of the apartments that have the `` Studio '' type code .
Return the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code `` Flat '' .
Which apartments have type code `` Flat '' ? Give me their apartment numbers .
Return the first names and last names of all guests
What are the first names and last names of all the guests ?
Return the date of birth for all the guests with gender code `` Male '' .
What are dates of birth of all the guests whose gender is `` Male '' ?
Show the apartment numbers , start dates , and end dates of all the apartment bookings .
What are the apartment number , start date , and end date of each apartment booking ?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code `` Duplex '' ?
Return the booking start date and end date for the apartments that have type code `` Duplex '' .
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ?
Find the booking start date and end date for the apartments that have more than two bedrooms .
What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number `` Suite 634 '' ?
Tell me the booking status code for the apartment with number `` Suite 634 '' .
Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code `` Confirmed '' .
Which apartments have bookings with status code `` Confirmed '' ? Return their apartment numbers .
Show the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code `` Provisional '' .
What is the average room count of the apartments whose booking status code is `` Provisional '' ?
Show the guest first names , start dates , and end dates of all the apartment bookings .
What are the guest first name , start date , and end date of each apartment booking ?
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings made by guests with gender code `` Female '' .
What are the start date and end date of the apartment bookings made by female guests ( gender code `` Female '' ) ?
Show the first names and last names of all the guests that have apartment bookings with status code `` Confirmed '' .
Which guests have apartment bookings with status code `` Confirmed '' ? Return their first names and last names .
Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms .
What are the facility codes of the apartments with more than four bedrooms ?
Show the total number of rooms of all apartments with facility code `` Gym '' .
Find the total number of rooms in the apartments that have facility code `` Gym '' .
Show the total number of rooms of the apartments in the building with short name `` Columbus Square '' .
How many rooms in total are there in the apartments in the building with short name `` Columbus Square '' ?
Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms .
Which buildings have apartments that have more than two bathrooms ? Give me the addresses of the buildings .
Show the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by `` Kyle '' .
What apartment type codes and apartment numbers do the buildings managed by `` Kyle '' have ?
Show the booking status code and the corresponding number of bookings .
How many bookings does each booking status have ? List the booking status code and the number of corresponding bookings .
Return all the apartment numbers sorted by the room count in ascending order .
Sort the apartment numbers in ascending order of room count .
Return the apartment number with the largest number of bedrooms .
What is the apartment number of the apartment with the most beds ?
Show the apartment type codes and the corresponding number of apartments sorted by the number of apartments in ascending order .
Return each apartment type code with the number of apartments having that apartment type , in ascending order of the number of apartments .
Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order .
What are the top three apartment types in terms of the average room count ? Give me the
Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms , together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms .
Which apartment type has the largest number of total rooms ? Return the apartment type code , its number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms .
Show the most common apartment type code .
Which apartment type code appears the most often ?
Show the most common apartment type code among apartments with more than 1 bathroom .
Which apartment type code is the most common among apartments with more than one bathroom ?
Show each apartment type code , and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type .
Return each apartment type code along with the maximum and minimum number of rooms among each type .
Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order .
Sort the gender codes in descending order of their corresponding number of guests . Return both the gender codes and counts .
How many apartments do not have any facility ?
Find the number of apartments that have no facility .
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with bookings that have status code both `` Provisional '' and `` Confirmed ''
Which apartments have bookings with both status codes `` Provisional '' and `` Confirmed '' ? Give me the apartment numbers .
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with unit status availability of both 0 and 1 .
Which apartments have unit status availability of both 0 and 1 ? Return their apartment numbers .
How many games are held after season 2007 ?
List the dates of games by the home team name in descending order .
List the season , home team , away team of all the games .
What are the maximum , minimum and average home games each stadium held ?
What is the average attendance of stadiums with capacity percentage higher than 100 % ?
What are the player name , number of matches , and information source for players who do not suffer from injury of 'Knee problem ' ?
What is the season of the game which causes the player 'Walter Samuel ' to get injured ?
What are the ids , scores , and dates of the games which caused at least two injury accidents ?
What are the id and name of the stadium where the most injury accidents happened ?
Find the id and name of the stadium where the largest number of injury accidents occurred .
In which season and which stadium did any player have an injury of 'Foot injury ' or 'Knee problem ' ?
How many different kinds of information sources are there for injury accidents ?
How many games are free of injury accidents ?
How many distinct kinds of injuries happened after season 2010 ?
List the name of the stadium where both the player 'Walter Samuel ' and the player 'Thiago Motta ' got injured .
Show the name , average attendance , total attendance for stadiums where no accidents happened .
Which stadium name contains the substring `` Bank '' ?
How many games has each stadium held ?
For each injury accident , find the date of the game and the name of the injured player in the game , and sort the results in descending order of game season .
List all country and league names .
How many leagues are there in England ?
What is the average weight of all players ?
What is the maximum and minimum height of all players ?
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average .
What are the names of players who have the best dribbling ?
List the names of all players who have a crossing score higher than 90 and prefer their right foot .
List the names of all left-footed players who have overall rating between 85 and 90 .
What is the average rating for right-footed players and left-footed players ?
Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80 , how many are right-footed and left-footed ?
List all of the player ids with a height of at least 180cm and an overall rating higher than 85 .
List all of the ids for left-footed players with a height between 180cm and 190cm .
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating ?
List the names and birthdays of the top five players in terms of potential .
How many performances are there ?
List the hosts of performances in ascending order of attendance .
What are the dates and locations of performances ?
Show the attendances of the performances at location `` TD Garden '' or `` Bell Centre ''
What is the average number of attendees for performances ?
What is the date of the performance with the highest number of attendees ?
Show different locations and the number of performances at each location .
Show the most common location of performances .
Show the locations that have at least two performances .
Show the locations that have both performances with more than 2000 attendees and performances with less than 1000 attendees .
Show the names of members and the location of the performances they attended .
Show the names of members and the location of performances they attended in ascending alphabetical order of their names .
Show the dates of performances with attending members whose roles are `` Violin '' .
Show the names of members and the dates of performances they attended in descending order of attendance of the performances .
List the names of members who did not attend any performance .
Find the buildings which have rooms with capacity more than 50 .
What are the distinct buildings with capacities of greater than 50 ?
Count the number of rooms that are not in the Lamberton building .
How many classrooms are not in Lamberton ?
What is the name and building of the departments whose budget is more than the average budget ?
Give the name and building of the departments with greater than average budget .
Find the room number of the rooms which can sit 50 to 100 students and their buildings .
What are the room numbers and corresponding buildings for classrooms which can seat between 50 to 100 students ?
Find the name and building of the department with the highest budget .
What is the department name and corresponding building for the department with the greatest budget ?
What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department .
Give the name of the student in the History department with the most credits .
How many rooms does the Lamberton building have ?
Count the number of classrooms in Lamberton .
How many students have advisors ?
Count the number of students who have advisors .
How many departments offer courses ?
Count the number of departments which offer courses .
How many different courses offered by Physics department ?
Count the number of courses in the Physics department .
Find the title of courses that have two prerequisites ?
What are the titles for courses with two prerequisites ?
Find the title , credit , and department name of courses that have more than one prerequisites ?
What is the title , credit value , and department name for courses with more than one prerequisite ?
How many courses that do not have prerequisite ?
Count the number of courses without prerequisites .
Find the name of the courses that do not have any prerequisite ?
What are the titles of courses without prerequisites ?
How many different instructors have taught some course ?
Count the number of distinct instructors who have taught a course .
Find the total budgets of the Marketing or Finance department .
What is the sum of budgets of the Marketing and Finance departments ?
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' .
What is the name of the department with an instructure who has a name like 'Soisalon ' ?
How many rooms whose capacity is less than 50 does the Lamberton building have ?
Count the number of rooms in Lamberton with capacity lower than 50 .
Find the name and budget of departments whose budgets are more than the average budget .
What are the names and budgets of departments with budgets greater than the average ?
what is the name of the instructor who is in Statistics department and earns the lowest salary ?
Give the name of the lowest earning instructor in the Statistics department .
Find the title of course that is provided by both Statistics and Psychology departments .
What is the title of a course that is listed in both the Statistics and Psychology departments ?
Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments .
What are the titles of courses that are in the Statistics department but not the Psychology department ?
Find the id of instructors who taught a class in Fall 2009 but not in Spring 2010 .
What are the ids of instructors who taught in the Fall of 2009 but not in the Spring of 2010 ?
Find the name of students who took any class in the years of 2009 and 2010 .
What are the names of the students who took classes in 2009 or 2010 ?
Find the names of the top 3 departments that provide the largest amount of courses ?
What are the names of the 3 departments with the most courses ?
Find the name of the department that offers the highest total credits ?
What is the name of the department with the most credits ?
List the names of all courses ordered by their titles and credits .
Given the titles of all courses , in order of titles and credits .
Which department has the lowest budget ?
Give the name of the department with the lowest budget .
List the names and buildings of all departments sorted by the budget from large to small .
What are the names and buildings of the deparments , sorted by budget descending ?
Who is the instructor with the highest salary ?
Give the name of the highest paid instructor .
List the information of all instructors ordered by their salary in ascending order .
Give all information regarding instructors , in order of salary from least to greatest .
Find the name of the students and their department names sorted by their total credits in ascending order .
What are the names of students and their respective departments , ordered by number of credits from least to greatest ?
list in alphabetic order all course names and their instructors ' names in year 2008 .
Show all titles and their instructors ' names for courses in 2008 , in alphabetical order by title .
Find the name of instructors who are advising more than one student .
What are the names of instructors who advise more than one student ?
Find the name of the students who have more than one advisor ?
What are the names of students who have more than one advisor ?
Find the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for each building .
How many rooms in each building have a capacity of over 50 ?
Find the maximum and average capacity among rooms in each building .
What are the greatest and average capacity for rooms in each building ?
Find the title of the course that is offered by more than one department .
What are the titles of courses that are offered in more than one department ?
Find the total credits of courses provided by different department .
How many total credits are offered by each department ?
Find the minimum salary for the departments whose average salary is above the average payment of all instructors .
What is the lowest salary in departments with average salary greater than the overall average .
Find the number of courses provided in each semester and year .
How many courses are provided in each semester and year ?
Find the year which offers the largest number of courses .
Which year had the greatest number of courses ?
Find the year and semester when offers the largest number of courses .
What is the year and semester with the most courses ?
Find the name of department has the highest amount of students ?
What is the name of the deparment with the highest enrollment ?
Find the total number of students in each department .
How many students are in each department ?
Find the semester and year which has the least number of student taking any class .
Which semeseter and year had the fewest students ?
What is the id of the instructor who advises of all students from History department ?
Give id of the instructor who advises students in the History department .
Find the name and salary of the instructors who are advisors of any student from History department ?
What are the names and salaries of instructors who advises students in the History department ?
Find the id of the courses that do not have any prerequisite ?
What are the ids of courses without prerequisites ?
Find the name of the courses that do not have any prerequisite ?
What are the names of courses without prerequisites ?
What is the title of the prerequisite class of International Finance course ?
Give the title of the prerequisite to the course International Finance .
Find the title of course whose prerequisite is course Differential Geometry .
What is the title of the course with Differential Geometry as a prerequisite ?
Find the names of students who have taken any course in the fall semester of year 2003 .
What are the names of students who took a course in the Fall of 2003 ?
What is the title of the course that was offered at building Chandler during the fall semester in the year of 2010 ?
Give the title of the course offered in Chandler during the Fall of 2010 .
Find the name of the instructors who taught C Programming course before .
What are the names of instructors who have taught C Programming courses ?
Find the name and salary of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department .
What are the names and salaries of instructors who advise students in the Math department ?
Find the name of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department , and sort the results by students ' total credit .
What are the names of all instructors who advise students in the math depart sorted by total credits of the student .
What is the course title of the prerequisite of course Mobile Computing ?
What is the title of the course that is a prerequisite for Mobile Computing ?
Find the name of instructor who is the advisor of the student who has the highest number of total credits .
What is the name of the instructor who advises the student with the greatest number of total credits ?
Find the name of instructors who did n't teach any courses ?
What are the names of instructors who did n't teach ?
Find the id of instructors who did n't teach any courses ?
What are the ids of instructors who didnt ' teach ?
Find the names of instructors who did n't each any courses in any Spring semester .
What are the names of instructors who did n't teach courses in the Spring ?
Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors .
Which department has the highest average instructor salary ?
Find the number and averaged salary of all instructors who are in the department with the highest budget .
How many instructors are in the department with the highest budget , and what is their average salary ?
What is the title and credits of the course that is taught in the largest classroom ( with the highest capacity ) ?
Give the title and credits for the course that is taught in the classroom with the greatest capacity .
Find the name of students who did n't take any course from Biology department .
What are the names of students who have n't taken any Biology courses ?
Find the total number of students and total number of instructors for each department .
How many students and instructors are in each department ?
Find the name of students who have taken the prerequisite course of the course with title International Finance .
What are the names of students who have taken the prerequisite for the course International Finance ?
Find the name and salary of instructors whose salary is below the average salary of the instructors in the Physics department .
What are the names and salaries for instructors who earn less than the average salary of instructors in the Physics department ?
Find the name of students who took some course offered by Statistics department .
What are the names of students who have taken Statistics courses ?
Find the building , room number , semester and year of all courses offered by Psychology department sorted by course titles .
What are the building , room number , semester and year of courses in the Psychology department , sorted using course title ?
Find the names of all instructors in computer science department
What are the names of all instructors in the Comp . Sci . department ?
Find the names of all instructors in Comp . Sci . department with salary > 80000 .
What are the names of the instructors in the Comp . Sci . department who earn more than 80000 ?
Find the names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course_id .
What are the names of all instructors who have taught a course , as well as the corresponding course id ?
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course_id .
What are the names of Art instructors who have taught a course , and the corresponding course id ?
Find the names of all instructors whose name includes the substring “dar” .
What are the names of all instructors with names that include `` dar '' ?
List in alphabetic order the names of all distinct instructors .
List the distinct names of the instructors , ordered by name .
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 or in Spring 2010 .
What are the ids for courses in the Fall of 2009 or the Spring of 2010 ?
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010 .
What are the ids for courses that were offered in both Fall of 2009 and Spring of 2010 ?
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 but not in Spring 2010 .
What are the ids of courses offered in Fall of 2009 but not in Spring of 2010 ?
Find the salaries of all distinct instructors that are less than the largest salary .
What are the distinct salaries of all instructors who earned less than the maximum salary ?
Find the total number of instructors who teach a course in the Spring 2010 semester .
How many instructors teach a course in the Spring of 2010 ?
Find the names and average salaries of all departments whose average salary is greater than 42000 .
What are the names and average salaries for departments with average salary higher than 42000 ?
Find names of instructors with salary greater than that of some ( at least one ) instructor in the Biology department .
What are the names of instructors who earn more than at least one instructor from the Biology department ?
Find the names of all instructors whose salary is greater than the salary of all instructors in the Biology department .
What are the names of all instructors with a higher salary than any of the instructors in the Biology department ?
How many debates are there ?
List the venues of debates in ascending order of the number of audience .
What are the date and venue of each debate ?
List the dates of debates with number of audience bigger than 150
Show the names of people aged either 35 or 36 .
What is the party of the youngest people ?
Show different parties of people along with the number of people in each party .
Show the party that has the most people .
Show the distinct venues of debates
Show the names of people , and dates and venues of debates they are on the affirmative side .
Show the names of people , and dates and venues of debates they are on the negative side , ordered in ascending alphabetical order of name .
Show the names of people that are on affirmative side of debates with number of audience bigger than 200 .
Show the names of people and the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates .
Show the names of people who have been on the negative side of debates at least twice .
List the names of people that have not been on the affirmative side of debates .
List the names of all the customers in alphabetical order .
Sort the customer names in alphabetical order .
Find all the policy type codes associated with the customer `` Dayana Robel ''
What are the type codes of the policies used by the customer `` Dayana Robel '' ?
Which type of policy is most frequently used ? Give me the policy type code .
Find the type code of the most frequently used policy .
Find all the policy types that are used by more than 2 customers .
Which types of policy are chosen by more than 2 customers ? Give me the policy type codes .
Find the total and average amount paid in claim headers .
What are the total amount and average amount paid in claim headers ?
Find the total amount claimed in the most recently created document .
How much amount in total were claimed in the most recently created document ?
What is the name of the customer who has made the largest amount of claim in a single claim ?
Which customer made the largest amount of claim in a single claim ? Return the customer details .
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim ?
Which customer made the smallest amount of claim in one claim ? Return the customer details .
Find the names of customers who have no policies associated .
What are the names of customers who do not have any policies ?
How many claim processing stages are there in total ?
Find the number of distinct stages in claim processing .
What is the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on ?
Which claim processing stage has the most claims ? Show the claim status name .
Find the names of customers whose name contains `` Diana '' .
Which customers have the substring `` Diana '' in their names ? Return the customer details .
Find the names of the customers who have an deputy policy .
Which customers have an insurance policy with the type code `` Deputy '' ? Give me the customer details .
Find the names of customers who either have an deputy policy or uniformed policy .
Which customers have an insurance policy with the type code `` Deputy '' or `` Uniform '' ? Return the customer details .
Find the names of all the customers and staff members .
What are the names of the customers and staff members ?
Find the number of records of each policy type and its type code .
For each policy type , return its type code and its count in the record .
Find the name of the customer that has been involved in the most policies .
Which customer have the most policies ? Give me the customer details .
What is the description of the claim status `` Open '' ?
Find the description of the claim status `` Open '' .
How many distinct claim outcome codes are there ?
Count the number of distinct claim outcome codes .
Which customer is associated with the latest policy ?
Find the customer who started a policy most recently .
Show the number of accounts .
How many accounts are there ?
How many customers have opened an account ?
Count the number of customers who have an account .
Show the id , the date of account opened , the account name , and other account detail for all accounts .
What are the ids , date opened , name , and other details for all accounts ?
Show the id , the account name , and other account details for all accounts by the customer with first name 'Meaghan ' .
What are the ids , names , dates of opening , and other details for accounts corresponding to the customer with the first name `` Meaghan '' ?
Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling .
What are the names and other details for accounts corresponding to the customer named Meaghan Keeling ?
Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900 .
What are the full names of customers with the account name 900 ?
How many customers do n't have an account ?
Count the number of customers who do not have an account .
Show the unique first names , last names , and phone numbers for all customers with any account .
What are the distinct first names , last names , and phone numbers for customers with accounts ?
Show customer ids who do n't have an account .
What are the customer ids for customers who do not have an account ?
How many accounts does each customer have ? List the number and customer id .
Count the number of accounts corresponding to each customer id .
What is the customer id , first and last name with most number of accounts .
Return the id and full name of the customer with the most accounts .
Show id , first name and last name for all customers and the number of accounts .
What are the the full names and ids for all customers , and how many accounts does each have ?
Show first name and id for all customers with at least 2 accounts .
What are the first names and ids for customers who have two or more accounts ?
Show the number of customers .
Count the number of customers .
Show the number of customers for each gender .
How many customers are there of each gender ?
How many transactions do we have ?
Count the number of transactions .
How many transaction does each account have ? Show the number and account id .
Count the number of financial transactions that correspond to each account id .
How many transaction does account with name 337 have ?
Count the number of financial transactions that the account with the name 337 has .
What is the average , minimum , maximum , and total transaction amount ?
Return the average , minimum , maximum , and total transaction amounts .
Show ids for all transactions whose amounts are greater than the average .
What are the ids for transactions that have an amount greater than the average amount of a transaction ?
Show the transaction types and the total amount of transactions .
What are total transaction amounts for each transaction type ?
Show the account name , id and the number of transactions for each account .
Return the names and ids of each account , as well as the number of transactions .
Show the account id with most number of transactions .
What is the id of the account with the most transactions ?
Show the account id and name with at least 4 transactions .
What are the ids and names of accounts with 4 or more transactions ?
Show all product sizes .
What are the different product sizes ?
Show all product colors .
What are the different product colors ?
Show the invoice number and the number of transactions for each invoice .
How many transactions correspond to each invoice number ?
What is the invoice number and invoice date for the invoice with most number of transactions ?
What is the invoice number and invoice date corresponding to the invoice with the greatest number of transactions ?
How many invoices do we have ?
Count the number of invoices .
Show invoice dates and order id and details for all invoices .
What are the invoice dates , order ids , and order details for all invoices ?
Show the order ids and the number of invoices for each order .
How many invoices correspond to each order id ?
What is the order id and order details for the order more than two invoices .
Return the order ids and details for orderes with two or more invoices .
What is the customer last name , id and phone number with most number of orders ?
Return the last name , id and phone number of the customer who has made the greatest number of orders .
Show all product names without an order .
What are the names of products that have never been ordered ?
Show all product names and the total quantity ordered for each product name .
What are the different product names , and what is the sum of quantity ordered for each product ?
Show the order ids and the number of items in each order .
How many order items correspond to each order id ?
Show the product ids and the number of unique orders containing each product .
How many distinct order ids correspond to each product ?
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product .
What are teh names of the different products , as well as the number of customers who have ordered each product .
Show order ids and the number of products in each order .
How many different products correspond to each order id ?
Show order ids and the total quantity in each order .
Give the order ids for all orders , as well as the total product quantity in each .
How many products were not included in any order ?
Count the number of products that were never ordered .
How many churches opened before 1850 are there ?
Show the name , open date , and organizer for all churches .
List all church names in descending order of opening date .
Show the opening year in whcih at least two churches opened .
Show the organizer and name for churches that opened between 1830 and 1840 .
Show all opening years and the number of churches that opened in that year .
Show the name and opening year for three churches that opened most recently .
How many female people are older than 30 in our record ?
Show the country where people older than 30 and younger than 25 are from .
Show the minimum , maximum , and average age for all people .
Show the name and country for all people whose age is smaller than the average .
Show the pair of male and female names in all weddings after year 2014
Show the name and age for all male people who do n't have a wedding .
Show all church names except for those that had a wedding in year 2015 .
Show all church names that have hosted least two weddings .
Show the names for all females from Canada having a wedding in year 2016 .
How many weddings are there in year 2016 ?
Show the church names for the weddings of all people older than 30 .
Show all countries and the number of people from each country .
How many churches have a wedding in year 2016 ?
How many artists do we have ?
Count the number of artists .
Show all artist name , age , and country ordered by the yeared they joined .
What are the names , ages , and countries of artists , sorted by the year they joined ?
What are all distinct country for artists ?
Return the different countries for artists .
Show all artist names and the year joined who are not from United States .
What are the names and year of joining for artists that do not have the country `` United States '' ?
How many artists are above age 46 and joined after 1990 ?
Count the number of artists who are older than 46 and joined after 1990 .
What is the average and minimum age of all artists from United States .
Return the average and minimum ages across artists from the United States .
What is the name of the artist who joined latest ?
Return the name of the artist who has the latest join year .
How many exhibition are there in year 2005 or after ?
Count the number of exhibitions that happened in or after 2005 .
Show theme and year for all exhibitions with ticket prices lower than 15 .
What are the theme and year for all exhibitions that have a ticket price under 15 ?
Show all artist names and the number of exhibitions for each artist .
How many exhibitions has each artist had ?
What is the name and country for the artist with most number of exhibitions ?
Return the name and country corresponding to the artist who has had the most exhibitions .
Show names for artists without any exhibition .
What are the names of artists that have not had any exhibitions ?
What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average ?
Return the names of artists and the themes of their exhibitions that had a ticket price higher than average .
Show the average , minimum , and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 .
What are the average , minimum , and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions that happened prior to 2009 ?
Show theme and year for all exhibitions in an descending order of ticket price .
What are the themes and years for exhibitions , sorted by ticket price descending ?
What is the theme , date , and attendance for the exhibition in year 2004 ?
Return the themes , dates , and attendance for exhibitions that happened in 2004 .
Show all artist names who did n't have an exhibition in 2004 .
What are the names of artists who did not have an exhibition in 2004 ?
Show the theme for exhibitions with both records of an attendance below 100 and above 500 .
Which themes have had corresponding exhibitions that have had attendance both below 100 and above 500 ?
How many exhibitions have a attendance more than 100 or have a ticket price below 10 ?
Count the number of exhibitions that have had an attendnance of over 100 or a ticket prices under 10 .
Show all artist names with an average exhibition attendance over 200 .
What are the names of artist whose exhibitions draw over 200 attendees on average ?
Find the id of the item whose title is `` orange '' .
List all information in the item table .
Find the number of reviews .
How many users are there ?
Find the average and maximum rating of all reviews .
Find the highest rank of all reviews .
How many different users wrote some reviews ?
How many different items were reviewed by some users ?
Find the number of items that did not receive any review .
Find the names of users who did not leave any review .
Find the names of goods that receive a rating of 10 .
Find the titles of items whose rating is higher than the average review rating of all items .
Find the titles of items that received any rating below 5 .
Find the titles of items that received both a rating higher than 8 and a rating below 5 .
Find the names of items whose rank is higher than 3 and whose average rating is above 5 .
Find the name of the item with the lowest average rating .
List the titles of all items in alphabetic order .
Find the name of the user who gives the most reviews .
Find the name and id of the item with the highest average rating .
Find the name and id of the good with the highest average rank .
For each user , return the name and the average rating of reviews given by them .
For each user , find their name and the number of reviews written by them .
Find the name of the user who gave the highest rating .
Find the name of the source user with the highest average trust score .
Find each target user 's name and average trust score .
Find the name of the target user with the lowest trust score .
Find the names of the items that did not receive any review .
Find the names of users who did not leave any review .
Find the number of users who did not write any review .
Find the number of items without any review .
How many players are there ?
List the names of players in ascending order of votes .
What are the gender and occupation of players ?
List the name and residence for players whose occupation is not `` Researcher '' .
Show the names of sponsors of players whose residence is either `` Brandon '' or `` Birtle '' .
What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes ?
Show different occupations along with the number of players in each occupation .
Please show the most common occupation of players .
Show the residences that have at least two players .
Show the names of players and names of their coaches .
Show the names of players coached by the rank 1 coach .
Show the names and genders of players with a coach starting after 2011 .
Show the names of players and names of their coaches in descending order of the votes of players .
List the names of players that do not have coaches .
Show the residences that have both a player of gender `` M '' and a player of gender `` F '' .
How many coaches does each club has ? List the club id , name and the number of coaches .
How many gold medals has the club with the most coaches won ?
How many gymnasts are there ?
Count the number of gymnasts .
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order .
What are the total points for all gymnasts , ordered by total points descending ?
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order of floor exercise points .
What are the total points of gymnasts , ordered by their floor exercise points descending ?
What is the average horizontal bar points for all gymnasts ?
Return the average horizontal bar points across all gymnasts .
What are the names of people in ascending alphabetical order ?
Return the names of people , ordered alphabetically .
What are the names of gymnasts ?
Return the names of the gymnasts .
What are the names of gymnasts whose hometown is not `` Santo Domingo '' ?
Return the names of gymnasts who did not grow up in Santo Domingo .
What is the age of the tallest person ?
Return the age of the person with the greatest height .
List the names of the top 5 oldest people .
What are the names of the five oldest people ?
What is the total point count of the youngest gymnast ?
Return the total points of the gymnast with the lowest age .
What is the average age of all gymnasts ?
Return the average age across all gymnasts .
What are the distinct hometowns of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5 ?
Give the different hometowns of gymnasts that have a total point score of above 57.5 .
What are the hometowns of gymnasts and the corresponding number of gymnasts ?
How many gymnasts are from each hometown ?
What is the most common hometown of gymnasts ?
Return the hometown that is most common among gymnasts .
What are the hometowns that are shared by at least two gymnasts ?
Give the hometowns from which two or more gymnasts are from .
List the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights .
What are the names of gymnasts , ordered by their heights ascending ?
List the distinct hometowns that are not associated with any gymnast .
From which hometowns did no gymnasts come from ?
Show the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20 .
From which hometowns did both people older than 23 and younger than 20 come from ?
How many distinct hometowns did these people have ?
Count the number of different hometowns of these people .
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points .
What are the ages of the gymnasts , ordered descending by their total points ?
Find the total savings balance of all accounts except the account with name ‘Brown’ .
What is the total balance of savings accounts not belonging to someone with the name Brown ?
How many accounts are there in total ?
Count the number of accounts .
What is the total checking balance in all accounts ?
Find the total balance across checking accounts .
Find the average checking balance .
What is the average balance in checking accounts ?
How many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance ?
Find the number of accounts with a savings balance that is higher than the average savings balance .
Find the name and id of accounts whose checking balance is below the maximum checking balance .
What are the customer id and name corresponding to accounts with a checking balance less than the largest checking balance ?
What is the checking balance of the account whose owner’s name contains the substring ‘ee’ ?
Find the balance of the checking account belonging to an owner whose name contains 'ee ' .
Find the checking balance and saving balance in the Brown’s account .
What are the checking and savings balances in accounts belonging to Brown ?
Find the names of accounts whose checking balance is above the average checking balance , but savings balance is below the average savings balance .
What are the names of accounts with checking balances greater than the average checking balance and savings balances below the average savings balance ?
Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance .
What are the balances of checking accounts belonging to people with savings balances greater than the average savings balance ?
List all customers’ names in the alphabetical order .
What are the names of all the customers in alphabetical order ?
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance .
What is the name corresponding to the accoung with the lowest sum of checking and savings balances ?
Find the names and total checking and savings balances of accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance .
What are the names and sum of checking and savings balances for accounts with savings balances higher than the average savings balance ?
Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest savings balance .
What are the names and balances of checking accounts belonging to the customer with the lowest savings balance ?
Find the number of checking accounts for each account name .
What are the names of customers with accounts , and how many checking accounts do each of them have ?
Find the total saving balance for each account name .
What are the names of customers with accounts , and what are the total savings balances for each ?
Find the name of accounts whose checking balance is below the average checking balance .
What are the names of customers with checking balances lower than the average checking balance ?
Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance .
What is the savings balance of the account belonging to the customer with the highest checking balance ?
Find the total checking and saving balance of all accounts sorted by the total balance in ascending order .
What is the sum of checking and savings balances for all customers , ordered by the total balance ?
Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest saving balance .
What is the name and checking balance of the account which has the lowest savings balance ?
Find the name , checking balance and saving balance of all accounts in the bank .
What are the names , checking balances , and savings balances for all customers ?
Find the name , checking balance and savings balance of all accounts in the bank sorted by their total checking and savings balance in descending order .
What are the names , checking balances , and savings balances of customers , ordered by the total of checking and savings balances descending ?
Find the name of accounts whose checking balance is higher than corresponding saving balance .
What are the names of customers with a higher checking balance than savings balance ?
Find the name and total checking and savings balance of the accounts whose savings balance is lower than corresponding checking balance .
What are the names of customers who have a savings balance lower than their checking balance , and what is the total of their checking and savings balances ?
Find the name and savings balance of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order .
What are names and savings balances of the three accounts with the highest savings balances ?
How many main stream browsers whose market share is at least 5 exist ?
List the name of browsers in descending order by market share .
List the ids , names and market shares of all browsers .
What is the maximum , minimum and average market share of the listed browsers ?
What is the id and market share of the browser Safari ?
What are the name and os of web client accelerators that do not work with only a 'Broadband ' type connection ?
What is the name of the browser that became compatible with the accelerator 'CProxy ' after year 1998 ?
What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ?
What is the id and name of the browser that is compatible with the most web accelerators ?
When did the web accelerator 'CACHEbox ' and browser 'Internet Explorer ' become compatible ?
How many different kinds of clients are supported by the web clients accelerators ?
How many accelerators are not compatible with the browsers listed ?
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browswers that have market share higher than 15 ?
List the names of the browser that are compatible with both 'CACHEbox ' and 'Fasterfox ' .
Show the accelerator names and supporting operating systems that are not compatible with the browser named 'Opera ' .
Which accelerator name contains substring `` Opera '' ?
Find the number of web accelerators used for each Operating system .
give me names of all compatible browsers and accelerators in the descending order of compatible year
How many wrestlers are there ?
Count the number of wrestlers .
List the names of wrestlers in descending order of days held .
What are the names of the wrestlers , ordered descending by days held ?
What is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held ?
Return the name of the wrestler who had the lowest number of days held .
What are the distinct reigns of wrestlers whose location is not `` Tokyo , Japan '' ?
Give the different reigns of wrestlers who are not located in Tokyo , Japan .
What are the names and location of the wrestlers ?
Give the names and locations of all wrestlers .
What are the elimination moves of wrestlers whose team is `` Team Orton '' ?
Return the elimination movies of wrestlers on Team Orton .
What are the names of wrestlers and the elimination moves ?
Give the names of wrestlers and their elimination moves .
List the names of wrestlers and the teams in elimination in descending order of days held .
What are the names of wrestlers and their teams in elimination , ordered descending by days held ?
List the time of elimination of the wrestlers with largest days held .
What is the time of elimination for the wrestler with the most days held ?
Show times of elimination of wrestlers with days held more than 50 .
What are the times of elimination for wrestlers with over 50 days held ?
Show different teams in eliminations and the number of eliminations from each team .
How many eliminations did each team have ?
Show teams that have suffered more than three eliminations .
Which teams had more than 3 eliminations ?
Show the reign and days held of wrestlers .
What are the reigns and days held of all wrestlers ?
What are the names of wrestlers days held less than 100 ?
Return the names of wrestlers with fewer than 100 days held .
Please show the most common reigns of wrestlers .
Which reign is the most common among wrestlers ?
List the locations that are shared by more than two wrestlers .
Which locations are shared by more than two wrestlers ?
List the names of wrestlers that have not been eliminated .
What are the names of wrestlers who have never been eliminated ?
Show the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' and wrestlers eliminated by `` Benjamin '' .
What are the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by Orton and wrestlers eliminated by Benjamin ?
What is the number of distinct teams that suffer elimination ?
How many different teams have had eliminated wrestlers ?
Show the times of elimination by `` Punk '' or `` Orton '' .
What are the times of elimination for any instances in which the elimination was done by Punk or Orton ?
How many schools are there ?
Count the number of schools .
Show all school names in alphabetical order .
List the name , location , mascot for all schools .
What are the total and average enrollment of all schools ?
What are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average ?
List the name of the school with the smallest enrollment .
Show the average , maximum , minimum enrollment of all schools .
Show each county along with the number of schools and total enrollment in each county .
How many donors have endowment for school named `` Glenn '' ?
List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endowment .
List the names of the schools without any endowment .
List all the names of schools with an endowment amount smaller than or equal to 10 .
Show the names of donors who donated to both school `` Glenn '' and `` Triton . ''
Show the names of all the donors except those whose donation amount less than 9 .
List the amount and donor name for the largest amount of donation .
How many budgets are above 3000 in year 2001 or before ?
Count the number of budgets in year 2001 or before whose budgeted amount is greater than 3000
Show each school name , its budgeted amount , and invested amount in year 2002 or after .
Show all donor names .
How many budget record has a budget amount smaller than the invested amount ?
What is the total budget amount for school `` Glenn '' in all years ?
Show the names of schools with a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10 .
Find the names of schools that have more than one donator with donation amount above 8.5 .
Find the number of schools that have more than one donator whose donation amount is less than 8.5 .
List the name , IHSAA Football Class , and Mascot of the schools that have more than 6000 of budgeted amount or were founded before 2003 , in the order of percent of total invested budget and total budgeted budget .
How many buildings are there ?
Show the name , street address , and number of floors for all buildings ordered by the number of floors .
What is the name of the tallest building ?
What are the average , maximum , and minimum number of floors for all buildings ?
Show the number of buildings with a height above the average or a number of floors above the average .
List the names of buildings with at least 200 feet of height and with at least 20 floors .
Show the names and locations of institutions that are founded after 1990 and have the type `` Private '' .
Show institution types , along with the number of institutions and total enrollment for each type .
Show the institution type with the largest number of institutions .
Show the institution type with an institution founded after 1990 and an institution with at least 1000 enrollment .
Show the name of buildings that do not have any institution .
Show the names of buildings except for those having an institution founded in 2003 .
For each building , show the name of the building and the number of institutions in it .
Show the names and heights of buildings with at least two institutions founded after 1880 .
Show all the distinct institution types .
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution .
How many proteins are associated with an institution founded after 1880 or an institution with type `` Private '' ?
Show the protein name and the institution name .
How many proteins are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors ?
How many institutions do not have an associated protein in our record ?
Show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800 .
Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in both year 2010 and year 2011 .
How many cinema do we have ?
Count the number of cinemas .
Show name , opening year , and capacity for each cinema .
Show the cinema name and location for cinemas with capacity above average .
What are all the locations with a cinema ?
Find the distinct locations that has a cinema .
Show all the cinema names and opening years in descending order of opening year .
What are the name and location of the cinema with the largest capacity ?
Show the average , minimum , and maximum capacity for all the cinemas opened in year 2011 or later .
Show each location and the number of cinemas there .
What is the location with the most cinemas opened in year 2010 or later ?
Show all the locations with at least two cinemas with capacity above 300 .
Which locations have 2 or more cinemas with capacity over 300 ?
Show the title and director for all films .
What are the title and director of each film ?
Show all directors .
Who are all the directors ?
List all directors along with the number of films directed by each director .
What is total number of show times per dat for each cinema ?
What are the title and maximum price of each film ?
Give me the title and highest price for each film .
Show cinema name , film title , date , and price for each record in schedule .
What are the title and director of the films without any schedule ?
Show director with the largest number of show times in total .
Find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300 .
In which locations are there more than one movie theater with capacity above 300 ?
How many films have the word 'Dummy ' in their titles ?
Count the number of films whose title contains the word 'Dummy ' .
Are the customers holding coupons with amount 500 bad or good ?
How many bookings did each customer make ? List the customer id , first name , and the count .
What is the maximum total amount paid by a customer ? List the customer id and amount .
What are the id and the amount of refund of the booking that incurred the most times of payments ?
What is the id of the product that is booked for 3 times ?
What is the product description of the product booked with an amount of 102.76 ?
What are the start date and end date of the booking that has booked the product named 'Book collection A ' ?
What are the names of products whose availability equals to 1 ?
How many different product types are there ?
What are the first name , last name , and gender of all the good customers ? Order by their last name .
What is the average amount due for all the payments ?
What are the maximum , minimum , and average booked count for the products booked ?
What are all the distinct payment types ?
What are the daily hire costs for the products with substring 'Book ' in its name ?
How many products are never booked with amount higher than 200 ?
What are the coupon amount of the coupons owned by both good and bad customers ?
What are the payment date of the payment with amount paid higher than 300 or with payment type is 'Check '
What are the names and descriptions of the products that are of 'Cutlery ' type and have daily hire cost lower than 20 ?
How many phones are there ?
List the names of phones in ascending order of price .
What are the memories and carriers of phones ?
List the distinct carriers of phones with memories bigger than 32 .
Show the names of phones with carrier either `` Sprint '' or `` TMobile '' .
What is the carrier of the most expensive phone ?
Show different carriers of phones together with the number of phones with each carrier .
Show the most frequently used carrier of the phones .
Show the carriers that have both phones with memory smaller than 32 and phones with memory bigger than 64 .
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on .
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on , in ascending order of the ranking of the market .
Show the names of phones that are on market with number of shops greater than 50 .
For each phone , show its names and total number of stocks .
Show the names of phones that have total number of stocks bigger than 2000 , in descending order of the total number of stocks .
List the names of phones that are not on any market .
How many gas companies are there ?
What is the total number of companies ?
List the company name and rank for all companies in the decreasing order of their sales .
What is the name and rank of every company ordered by descending number of sales ?
Show the company name and the main industry for all companies whose headquarters are not from USA .
What are the companies and main industries of all companies that are not headquartered in the United States ?
Show all company names and headquarters in the descending order of market value .
What are the names and headquarters of all companies ordered by descending market value ?
Show minimum , maximum , and average market value for all companies .
What is the minimum , maximum , and average market value for every company ?
Show all main industry for all companies .
What are the different main industries for all companies ?
List all headquarters and the number of companies in each headquarter .
For each headquarter , what are the headquarter and how many companies are centered there ?
Show all main industry and total market value in each industry .
What are the main indstries and total market value for each industry ?
List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies .
For each main industry , what is the total number of companies for the industry with the highest total market value ?
Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry .
What are the headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry ?
Show gas station id , location , and manager_name for all gas stations ordered by open year .
What are the gas station ids , locations , and manager names for the gas stations ordered by opening year ?
How many gas station are opened between 2000 and 2005 ?
What is the total number of gas stations that opened between 2000 and 2005 ?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count .
For each location , how many gas stations are there in order ?
Show all headquarters with both a company in banking industry and a company in Oil and gas .
What are the headquarters that have both a company in the banking and 'oil and gas ' industries ?
Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry .
What are the headquarters without companies that are in the banking industry ?
Show the company name with the number of gas station .
For each company id , what are the companies and how many gas stations does each one operate ?
Show company name and main industry without a gas station .
What are the main industries of the companies without gas stations and what are the companies ?
Show the manager name for gas stations belonging to the ExxonMobil company .
What are the names of the managers for gas stations that are operated by the ExxonMobil company ?
Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located .
What are the locations that have gas stations owned by a company with a market value greater than 100 ?
Show the manager name with most number of gas stations opened after 2000 .
What is the name of the manager with the most gas stations that opened after 2000 ?
order all gas station locations by the opening year .
What are the locations of all the gas stations ordered by opening year ?
find the rank , company names , market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion .
What is the rank , company , and market value of every comapny in the banking industry ordered by sales and profits ?
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts .
What are the locations and representatives ' names of the gas stations owned by the companies with the 3 largest amounts of assets ?
How many regions do we have ?
Count the number of regions .
Show all distinct region names ordered by their labels .
What are the different region names , ordered by labels ?
How many parties do we have ?
Count the number of different parties .
Show the ministers and the time they took and left office , listed by the time they left office .
Who are the ministers , when did they take office , and when did they leave office , ordered by when they left office ?
Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959 .
Who are the ministers who took office after 1961 or before 1959 ?
Show all ministers who do not belong to Progress Party .
Which ministers are not a part of the Progress Party ?
Show all ministers and parties they belong to in descending order of the time they took office .
Who are the ministers and what parties do they belong to , listed descending by the times they took office ?
Return the minister who left office at the latest time .
Which minister left office the latest ?
List member names and their party names .
What are the names of members and their corresponding parties ?
Show all party names and the number of members in each party .
How many members are in each party ?
What is the name of party with most number of members ?
Return the name of the party with the most members .
Show all party names and their region names .
What are the names of parties and their respective regions ?
Show names of parties that does not have any members .
What are the names of parties that have no members ?
Show the member names which are in both the party with id 3 and the party with id 1 .
Which member names are shared among members in the party with the id 3 and the party with the id 1 ?
Show member names that are not in the Progress Party .
Which member names corresponding to members who are not in the Progress Party ?
How many party events do we have ?
Count the number of party events .
Show party names and the number of events for each party .
How many events are there for each party ?
Show all member names who are not in charge of any event .
What are the names of members who are not in charge of any events ?
What are the names of parties with at least 2 events ?
Return the names of parties that have two or more events .
What is the name of member in charge of greatest number of events ?
Return the name of the member who is in charge of the most events .
find the event names that have more than 2 records .
Which event names were used more than twice for party events ?
How many Annual Meeting events happened in the United Kingdom region ?
Count the number of Annual Meeting events that took place in the region of the United Kingdom .
How many pilots are there ?
List the names of pilots in ascending order of rank .
What are the positions and teams of pilots ?
List the distinct positions of pilots older than 30 .
Show the names of pilots from team `` Bradley '' or `` Fordham '' .
What is the joined year of the pilot of the highest rank ?
What are the different nationalities of pilots ? Show each nationality and the number of pilots of each nationality .
Show the most common nationality of pilots .
Show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000 .
Show the names of pilots and models of aircrafts they have flied with .
Show the names of pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flied with in ascending order of the rank of the pilot .
Show the fleet series of the aircrafts flied by pilots younger than 34
Show the names of pilots and the number of records they have .
Show names of pilots that have more than one record .
List the names of pilots that do not have any record .
What document status codes do we have ?
What is the description of document status code 'working ' ?
What document type codes do we have ?
What is the description of document type 'Paper ' ?
What are the shipping agent names ?
What is the shipping agent code of shipping agent UPS ?
What are all role codes ?
What is the description of role code ED ?
How many employees do we have ?
What is the role of the employee named Koby ?
List all document ids and receipt dates of documents .
How many employees does each role have ? List role description , id and number of employees .
List roles that have more than one employee . List the role description and number of employees .
What is the document status description of the document with id 1 ?
How many documents have the status code done ?
List the document type code for the document with the id 2 .
List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper .
What is the name of the shipping agent of the document with id 2 ?
How many documents were shipped by USPS ?
Which shipping agent shipped the most documents ? List the shipping agent name and the number of documents .
What is the receipt date of the document with id 3 ?
What address was the document with id 4 mailed to ?
What is the mail date of the document with id 7 ?
List the document ids of documents with the status done and type Paper , which not shipped by the shipping agent named USPS .
List document id of documents status is done and document type is Paper and the document is shipped by shipping agent named USPS .
What is draft detail of the document with id 7 ?
How many draft copies does the document with id 2 have ?
Which document has the most draft copies ? List its document id and number of draft copies .
Which documents have more than 1 draft copies ? List document id and number of draft copies .
List all employees in the circulation history of the document with id 1 . List the employee 's name .
List the employees who have not showed up in any circulation history of documents . List the employee 's name .
Which employee has showed up in most circulation history documents . List the employee 's name and the number of drafts and copies .
For each document , list the number of employees who have showed up in the circulation history of that document . List the document ids and number of employees .
List all department names ordered by their starting date .
find all dependent names who have a spouse relation with some employee .
how many female dependents are there ?
Find the names of departments that are located in Houston .
Return the first names and last names of employees who earn more than 30000 in salary .
Find the number of employees of each gender whose salary is lower than 50000 .
list the first and last names , and the addresses of all employees in the ascending order of their birth date .
what are the event details of the services that have the type code 'Marriage ' ?
What are the ids and details of events that have more than one participants ?
How many events have each participants attended ? List the participant id , type and the number .
What are all the the participant ids , type code and details ?
How many participants belong to the type 'Organizer ' ?
List the type of the services in alphabetical order .
List the service id and details for the events .
How many events had participants whose details had the substring 'Dr . '
What is the most common participant type ?
Which service id and type has the least number of participants ?
What is the id of the event with the most participants ?
Which events id does not have any participant with detail 'Kenyatta Kuhn ' ?
Which services type had both successful and failure event details ?
How many events did not have any participants ?
What are all the distinct participant ids who attended any events ?
What is the name of the race held most recently ?
What is the name of the race that occurred most recently ?
What is the name and date of the most recent race ?
What is the name and date of the race that occurred most recently ?
Find the names of all races held in 2017 .
What are the names of all the races that occurred in the year 2017 ?
Find the distinct names of all races held between 2014 and 2017 ?
What are the unique names of all race held between 2014 and 2017 ?
List the forename and surname of all distinct drivers who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds ?
What are the forenames and surnames of all unique drivers who had a lap time of less than 93000 milliseconds ?
Find all the distinct id and nationality of drivers who have had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds ?
What are the different driver ids and nationalities of all drivers who had a laptime of more than 100000 milliseconds ?
What are the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest laptime ?
What is the forename and surname of the driver with the shortest laptime ?
What is the id and family name of the driver who has the longest laptime ?
What is the id and last name of the driver with the longest laptime ?
What is the id , forname and surname of the driver who had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice ?
What is the id , first name , and last name of the driver who was in the first position for laptime at least twice ?
How many drivers participated in the race Australian Grand Prix held in 2009 ?
How many drivers were in the Australian Grand Prix held in 2009 ?
How many drivers did not participate in the races held in 2009 ?
How many drivers did not race in 2009 ?
Give me a list of names and years of races that had any driver whose forename is Lewis ?
What are the names and years of all races that had a driver with the last name Lewis ?
Find the forename and surname of drivers whose nationality is German ?
What is the first and last name of all the German drivers ?
Find the id and forenames of drivers who participated both the races with name Australian Grand Prix and the races with name Chinese Grand Prix ?
What is the id and first name of all the drivers who participated in the Australian Grand Prix and the Chinese Grand Prix ?
What are the forenames and surnames of drivers who participated in the races named Australian Grand Prix but not the races named Chinese Grand Prix ?
What are the first and last names of all drivers who participated in the Australian Grand Prix but not the Chinese Grand Prix ?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who was in position 1 as standing and won ?
What are all the different first names of the drivers who are in position as standing and won ?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points ?
What are the first names of the different drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points ?
What are the numbers of constructors for different nationalities ?
For each nationality , how many different constructors are there ?
What are the numbers of races for each constructor id ?
For each constructor id , how many races are there ?
What are the names of races that were held after 2017 and the circuits were in the country of Spain ?
What are the names of the races held after 2017 in Spain ?
What are the unique names of races that held after 2000 and the circuits were in Spain ?
What are the names of all races held after 2000 in Spain ?
Find the distinct driver id and the stop number of all drivers that have a shorter pit stop duration than some drivers in the race with id 841 .
What is the id and stop number for each driver that has a shorter pit stop than the driver in the race with id 841 ?
Find the distinct driver id of all drivers that have a longer stop duration than some drivers in the race whose id is 841 ?
What are the different ids and stop durations of all the drivers whose stop lasted longer than the driver in the race with the id 841 ?
List the forenames of all distinct drivers in alphabetical order ?
What are the first names of all the different drivers in alphabetical order ?
List the names of all distinct races in reversed lexicographic order ?
What are the different names of all the races in reverse alphabetical order ?
What are the names of races held between 2009 and 2011 ?
What are the names of all races held between 2009 and 2011 ?
What are the names of races held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00 ?
What are the names of all races that occurred after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00 ?
What are the drivers ' first , last names and id who had more than 8 pit stops or participated in more than 5 race results ?
What are the drivers ' first names , last names , and ids for all those that had more than 8 stops or participated in more than 5 races ?
What are the drivers ' last names and id who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results ?
What are the last names and ids of all drivers who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 races ?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ?
What are the names of circuits that belong to UK or Malaysia ?
What are the names of all the circuits that are in the UK or Malaysia ?
Find the id and location of circuits that belong to France or Belgium ?
What are the ids and locations of all circuits in France or Belgium ?
Find the names of Japanese constructors that have once earned more than 5 points ?
What are the names of all the Japanese constructors that have earned more than 5 points ?
What is the average fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 ?
What is the average fastest lap speed for the Monaco Grand Prix in 2008 ?
What is the maximum fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 ?
What is the maximum fastest lap speed in the Monaco Grand Prix in 2008 ?
What are the maximum fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year ?
For each race name , What is the maximum fastest lap speed for races after 2004 ordered by year ?
What are the average fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year ?
What is the average fastest lap speed for races held after 2004 , for each race , ordered by year ?
Find the id , forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races ?
What is the id , forename , and number of races for all drivers that have participated in at least 2 races ?
Find the driver id and number of races of all drivers who have at most participated in 30 races ?
For each id of a driver who participated in at most 30 races , how many races did they participate in ?
Find the id and surname of the driver who participated the most number of races ?
What are the ids and last names of all drivers who participated in the most races ?
How many technicians are there ?
What is the number of technicians ?
List the names of technicians in ascending order of age .
What are the names of the technicians by ascending order of age ?
What are the team and starting year of technicians ?
What is the team and starting year for each technician ?
List the name of technicians whose team is not `` NYY '' .
What is the name of the technician whose team is not 'NYY ' ?
Show the name of technicians aged either 36 or 37
What are the names of the technicians aged either 36 or 37 ?
What is the starting year of the oldest technicians ?
What is the starting year for the oldest technician ?
Show different teams of technicians and the number of technicians in each team .
For each team , how many technicians are there ?
Please show the team that has the most number of technicians .
What are the teams with the most technicians ?
Show the team that have at least two technicians .
What is the team with at least 2 technicians ?
Show names of technicians and series of machines they are assigned to repair .
What are the names of technicians and the machine series that they repair ?
Show names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned .
What are the names of the technicians by ascending order of quality rank for the machine they are assigned ?
Show names of technicians who are assigned to repair machines with value point more than 70 .
What are the names of the technicians that are assigned to repair machines with more point values than 70 ?
Show names of technicians and the number of machines they are assigned to repair .
What are the names of the technicians and how many machines are they assigned to repair ?
List the names of technicians who have not been assigned to repair machines .
What are the names of the technicians that have not been assigned to repair machines ?
Show the starting years shared by technicians from team `` CLE '' and `` CWS '' .
What are the starting years shared by the technicians from the team `` CLE '' or `` CWS '' ?
How many entrepreneurs are there ?
Count the number of entrepreneurs .
List the companies of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested .
What are the companies of entrepreneurs , ordered descending by amount of money requested ?
List the companies and the investors of entrepreneurs .
What are the companies and investors that correspond to each entrepreneur ?
What is the average money requested by all entrepreneurs ?
Return the average money requested across all entrepreneurs .
What are the names of people in ascending order of weight ?
Return the names of people , ordered by weight ascending .
What are the names of entrepreneurs ?
Return the names of entrepreneurs .
What are the names of entrepreneurs whose investor is not `` Rachel Elnaugh '' ?
Return the names of entrepreneurs do no not have the investor Rachel Elnaugh .
What is the weight of the shortest person ?
Return the weight of the shortest person .
What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight ?
Return the name of the heaviest entrepreneur .
What is the total money requested by entrepreneurs with height more than 1.85 ?
Give the total money requested by entrepreneurs who are taller than 1.85 .
What are the dates of birth of entrepreneurs with investor `` Simon Woodroffe '' or `` Peter Jones '' ?
Return the dates of birth for entrepreneurs who have either the investor Simon Woodroffe or Peter Jones .
What are the weights of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested ?
Return the weights of entrepreneurs , ordered descending by amount of money requested .
What are the investors of entrepreneurs and the corresponding number of entrepreneurs invested by each investor ?
How many entrepreneurs correspond to each investor ?
What is the investor that has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs ?
Return the investor who have invested in the greatest number of entrepreneurs .
What are the investors that have invested in at least two entrepreneurs ?
Return the investors who have invested in two or more entrepreneurs .
List the names of entrepreneurs and their companies in descending order of money requested ?
What are the names of entrepreneurs and their corresponding investors , ordered descending by the amount of money requested ?
List the names of people that are not entrepreneurs .
What are the names of people who are not entrepreneurs ?
Show the investors shared by entrepreneurs that requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs that requested less than 120000 .
What are the investors who have invested in both entrepreneurs who requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs who requested less than 120000 ?
How many distinct companies are there ?
Count the number of different companies .
Show the company of the tallest entrepreneur .
Which company was started by the entrepreneur with the greatest height ?
How many perpetrators are there ?
List the date of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people killed .
List the number of people injured by perpetrators in ascending order .
What is the average number of people injured by all perpetrators ?
What is the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills .
What are the names of people in ascending order of height ?
What are the names of perpetrators ?
What are the names of perpetrators whose country is not `` China '' ?
What is the name of the perpetrator with the biggest weight .
What is the total kills of the perpetrators with height more than 1.84 .
What are the names of perpetrators in country `` China '' or `` Japan '' ?
What are the heights of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people they injured ?
What are the countries of perpetrators ? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there .
What is the country that has the most perpetrators ?
What are the countries that have at least two perpetrators ?
List the names of perpetrators in descending order of the year .
List the names of people that are not perpetrators .
Show the countries that have both perpetrators with injures more than 50 and perpetrators with injures smaller than 20 .
How many distinct locations of perpetrators are there ?
Show the date of the tallest perpetrator .
In which year did the most recent crime happen ?
Report the name of all campuses in Los Angeles county .
What campuses are located in the county of Los Angeles ?
What are the names of all campuses located at Chico ?
What campuses are located in Chico ?
Find all the campuses opened in 1958 .
What are the campuses that opened in 1958 ?
Find the name of the campuses opened before 1800 .
What campuses opened before 1800 ?
Which campus was opened between 1935 and 1939 ?
What campuses opened between 1935 and 1939 ?
Find the name of the campuses that is in Northridge , Los Angeles or in San Francisco , San Francisco .
What campuses are located in Northridge , Los Angeles or in San Francisco , San Francisco ?
What is the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 1996 ?
What is the campus fee for San Jose State University in 1996 ?
What is the campus fee of `` San Francisco State University '' in year 1996 ?
What is the campus fee for San Francisco State University in 1996 ?
Find the count of universities whose campus fee is greater than the average campus fee .
How many universities have a campus fee higher than average ?
Find the count of universities whose campus fee is greater than the average campus fee .
How many universities have a campus fee greater than the average ?
Which university is in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950 ?
What campuses are located in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950 ?
Which year has the most degrees conferred ?
In what year was the most degrees conferred ?
Which campus has the most degrees conferred in all times ?
What campus has the most degrees conferrred over its entire existence ?
Which campus has the most faculties in year 2003 ?
What campus has the most faculties in 2003 ?
Find the average fee on a CSU campus in 1996
What is the average fee for a CSU campus in the year of 1996 ?
What is the average fee on a CSU campus in 2005 ?
What is the average fee for a CSU campus in the year of 2005 ?
report the total number of degrees granted between 1998 and 2002 .
how many degrees were conferred between 1998 and 2002 ?
For each Orange county campus , report the number of degrees granted after 2000 .
What is the total number of degrees granted after 2000 for each Orange county campus ?
Find the names of the campus which has more faculties in 2002 than every campus in Orange county .
What are the names of the campus that have more faculties in 2002 than the maximum number in Orange county ?
What campus had more than 400 total enrollment but more than 200 full time enrollment in year 1956 ?
What campus started in year 1956 , has more than 200 full time students , and more than 400 students enrolled ?
How many campuses are there in Los Angeles county ?
How many campuses exist are in the county of LA ?
List the campuses in Los Angeles county .
What campuses are in Los Angeles county ?
How many degrees were conferred in `` San Jose State University '' in 2000 ?
How many degrees were conferred at San Jose State University in 2000 ?
What are the degrees conferred in `` San Francisco State University '' in 2001 .
What degrees were conferred in San Francisco State University in the year 2001 ?
How many faculty is there in total in the year of 2002 ?
How many faculty , in total , are there in the year 2002 ?
What is the number of faculty lines in campus `` Long Beach State University '' in 2002 ?
What is the number of faculty at Long Beach State University in 2002 ?
How many faculty lines are there in `` San Francisco State University '' in year 2004 ?
How many faculty lines are there at San Francisco State University in 2004 ?
List the campus that have between 600 and 1000 faculty lines in year 2004 .
What are the campuses that had between 600 and 1000 faculty members in 2004 ?
How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the most number of degrees in year 2002 ?
How many faculty members did the university that conferred the most degrees in 2002 have ?
How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the least number of degrees in year 2001 ?
How many faculty members are at the university that gave the least number of degrees in 2001 ?
How many undergraduates are there in `` San Jose State University '' in year 2004 ?
How many undergraduates are there at San Jose State
What is the number of graduates in `` San Francisco State University '' in year 2004 ?
How many people graduated from San Francisco State University in 2004 ?
What is the campus fee of `` San Francisco State University '' in year 2000 ?
In the year 2000 , what is the campus fee for San Francisco State University ?
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 .
What is the campus fee in the year 2000 for San Jose State University ?
How many CSU campuses are there ?
What is the total number of campuses ?
How many candidates are there ?
Count the number of candidates .
Which poll resource provided the most number of candidate information ?
Return the poll resource associated with the most candidates .
what are the top 3 highest support rates ?
Return the top 3 greatest support rates .
Find the id of the candidate who got the lowest oppose rate .
What is the id of the candidate with the lowest oppose rate ?
Please list support , consider , and oppose rates for each candidate in ascending order by unsure rate .
What are the support , consider , and oppose rates of each candidate , ordered ascending by their unsure rate ?
which poll source does the highest oppose rate come from ?
Return the poll source corresponding to the candidate who has the oppose rate .
List all people names in the order of their date of birth from old to young .
What are the names of all people , ordered by their date of birth ?
Find the average height and weight for all males ( sex is M ) .
What are the average height and weight across males ( sex is M ) ?
find the names of people who are taller than 200 or lower than 190 .
What are the names of people who have a height greater than 200 or less than 190 ?
Find the average and minimum weight for each gender .
What are the average and minimum weights for people of each sex ?
Find the name and gender of the candidate who got the highest support rate .
What is the name and sex of the candidate with the highest support rate ?
Find the name of the candidates whose oppose percentage is the lowest for each sex .
For each sex , what is the name and sex of the candidate with the oppose rate for their sex ?
which gender got the highest average uncertain ratio .
What is the sex of the candidate who had the highest unsure rate ?
what are the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election .
Give the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election .
Find the names of the candidates whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate .
What are the names of candidates who have a lower support rate than oppose rate ?
how many people are there whose weight is higher than 85 for each gender ?
Count the number of people of each sex who have a weight higher than 85 .
find the highest support percentage , lowest consider rate and oppose rate of all candidates .
Return the maximum support rate , minimum consider rate , and minimum oppose rate across all candidates ?
list all female ( sex is F ) candidate names in the alphabetical order .
What are the names of all female candidates in alphabetical order ( sex is F ) ?
find the name of people whose height is lower than the average .
What are the names of people who are shorter than average ?
List all info about all people .
What is all the information about all people ?
Find the titles of all movies directed by steven spielberg .
What are the names of all movies directed by Steven Spielberg ?
What is the name of the movie produced after 2000 and directed by James Cameron ?
What are the titles of all movies that James Cameron directed after 2000 ?
How many movies were made before 2000 ?
How many movies were made before 2000 ?
Who is the director of movie Avatar ?
Who directed Avatar ?
How many reviewers listed ?
How many reviewers are there ?
What is the id of the reviewer whose name has substring “Mike” ?
What is the id of the reviewer whose name includes the word `` Mike '' ?
What is the reviewer id of Daniel Lewis ?
What is the id of the reviewer named Daniel Lewis ?
What is the total number of ratings that has more than 3 stars ?
How many movie ratings have more than 3 stars ?
What is the lowest and highest rating star ?
What is the maximum and mininum number of stars a rating can receive ?
Find all years that have a movie that received a rating of 4 or 5 , and sort them in increasing order of year .
In what years did a movie receive a 4 or 5 star rating , and list the years from oldest to most recently ?
What are the names of directors who directed movies with 5 star rating ? Also return the title of these movies .
What are the names of the directors who created a movie with a 5 star rating , and what was the name of those movies ?
What is the average rating star for each reviewer ?
What is the average number of stars that each reviewer awards for a movie ?
Find the titles of all movies that have no ratings .
What are the titles of all movies that have not been rated ?
Find the names of all reviewers who have ratings with a NULL value for the date .
What are the different names of all reviewers whose ratings do not have a date field ?
What is the average rating stars and title for the oldest movie ?
For the oldest movie listed , what is its average rating and title ?
What is the name of the most recent movie ?
What is the title of the newest movie ?
What is the maximum stars and year for the most recent movie ?
What is highest rating for the most recent movie and when was it released ?
What is the names of movies whose created year is after all movies directed by Steven Spielberg ?
What are the names of all movies that were created after the most recent Steven Spielberg film ?
What are the titles and directors of the movies whose star is greater than the average stars of the movies directed by James Cameron ?
What are the titles and directors of all movies that have a rating higher than the average James Cameron film rating ?
Return reviewer name , movie title , stars , and ratingDate . And sort the data first by reviewer name , then by movie title , and lastly by number of stars .
What is the reviewer name , film title , movie rating , and rating date for every movie ordered by reviewer name , movie title , then finally rating ?
Find the names of all reviewers who have contributed three or more ratings .
What are the names of all reviewers that have rated 3 or more movies ?
Find the names of all reviewers who rated Gone with the Wind .
What are the names of all the different reviewers who rates Gone with the Wind ?
Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez .
What are the names of all directors whose movies have been reviewed by Sarah Martinez ?
For any rating where the name of reviewer is the same as the director of the movie , return the reviewer name , movie title , and number of stars .
What are the different reviewer names , movie titles , and stars for every rating where the reviewer had the same name as the director ?
Return all reviewer names and movie names together in a single list .
What are the names of all the reviewers and movie names ?
Find the titles of all movies not reviewed by Chris Jackson .
What are the titles of all movies that were not reviewed by Chris Jackson ?
For all directors who directed more than one movie , return the titles of all movies directed by them , along with the director name . Sort by director name , then movie title .
For all directors who have directed more than one movie , what movies have they directed and what are their names ?
For directors who had more than one movie , return the titles and produced years of all movies directed by them .
For each director who directed more than one movie , what are the titles and dates of release for all those movies ?
What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie ?
What are the names of all directors who made one movie ?
What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie excluding director NULL ?
What are the names of all directors who have made one movie except for the director named NULL ?
How many movie reviews does each director get ?
For each director , how many reviews have they received ?
Find the movies with the highest average rating . Return the movie titles and average rating .
What are the movie titles with the highest average rating and what are those ratings ?
What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating ?
What are the titles and average ratings for all movies that have the lowest average rating ?
What are the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star ?
What are the names and years released for the movies with the top 3 highest ratings ?
For each director , return the director 's name together with the title of the movie they directed that received the highest rating among all of their movies , and the value of that rating . Ignore movies whose director is NULL .
For each director , what are the titles and ratings for all the movies they reviewed ?
Find the title and star rating of the movie that got the least rating star for each reviewer .
For each reviewer id , what is the title and rating for the movie with the smallest rating ?
Find the title and score of the movie with the lowest rating among all movies directed by each director .
For each director , what is the title and score of their most poorly rated movie ?
What is the name of the movie that is rated by most of times ?
What is the name of the movie that has been reviewed the most ?
What are the titles of all movies that have rating star is between 3 and 5 ?
What are the titles of all movies that have between 3 and 5 stars ?
Find the names of reviewers who had given higher than 3 star ratings .
What are the names of the reviewers who have rated a movie more than 3 stars before ?
Find the average rating star for each movie that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris .
What is the average rating for each movie that has never been reviewed by Brittany Harris ?
What are the ids of the movies that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris .
What are the ids of all moviest hat have not been reviewed by Britanny Harris ?
Find the average rating star for each movie that received at least 2 ratings .
For each movie that received more than 3 reviews , what is the average rating ?
find the ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star .
What are the ids of all reviewers who did not give 4 stars ?
Find the ids of reviewers who did n't only give 4 star .
What are the ids of all reviewers who have not given 4 stars at least once ?
What are names of the movies that are either made after 2000 or reviewed by Brittany Harris ?
What are the names of all movies that were made after 2000 or reviewed by Brittany Harris ?
What are names of the movies that are either made before 1980 or directed by James Cameron ?
What are the names of all movies made before 1980 or had James Cameron as the director ?
What are the names of reviewers who had rated 3 star and 4 star ?
What are the names of all reviewers that have given 3 or 4 stars for reviews ?
What are the names of movies that get 3 star and 4 star ?
What are the names of all movies that received 3 or 4 stars ?
How many counties are there ?
Count the number of countries .
List the names of counties in descending order of population .
What are the names of the counties of public safety , ordered by population descending ?
List the distinct police forces of counties whose location is not on east side .
What are the different police forces of counties that are not located in the East ?
What are the minimum and maximum crime rate of counties ?
Return the minimum and maximum crime rates across all counties .
Show the crime rates of counties in ascending order of number of police officers .
What are the crime rates of counties sorted by number of offices ascending ?
What are the names of cities in ascending alphabetical order ?
Return the names of cities , ordered alphabetically .
What are the percentage of hispanics in cities with the black percentage higher than 10 ?
Return the hispanic percentage for cities in which the black percentage is greater than 10 .
List the name of the county with the largest population .
What is the name of the county with the greatest population ?
List the names of the city with the top 5 white percentages .
What are the names of the five cities with the greatest proportion of white people ?
Show names of cities and names of counties they are in .
What are the names of cities , as well as the names of the counties they correspond to ?
Show white percentages of cities and the crime rates of counties they are in .
What are the white percentages of cities , and the corresponding crime rates of the counties they correspond to ?
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers .
What are the names of cities that are in the county with the most police officers ?
Show the number of cities in counties that have a population more than 20000 .
How many cities are in counties that have populations of over 20000 ?
Show the crime rate of counties with a city having white percentage more than 90 .
What are the crime rates of counties that contain cities that have white percentages of over 90 ?
Please show the police forces and the number of counties with each police force .
How many counties correspond to each police force ?
What is the location shared by most counties ?
Which location has the most corresponding counties ?
List the names of counties that do not have any cities .
What are the names of counties that do not contain any cities ?
Show the police force shared by counties with location on the east and west .
Which police forces operate in both counties that are located in the East and in the West ?
Show the names of cities in counties that have a crime rate less than 100 .
What are the names of cities that are in counties that have a crime rate below 100 ?
Show the case burden of counties in descending order of population .
What are the case burdens of counties , ordered descending by population ?
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $ 160 and two beds .
What are the names of modern rooms that have a base price lower than $ 160 and two beds .
Find all the rooms that have a price higher than 160 and can accommodate more than 2 people . Report room names and ids .
What are the room names and ids of all the rooms that cost more than 160 and can accommodate more than two people .
Find the most popular room in the hotel . The most popular room is the room that had seen the largest number of reservations .
Which room has the largest number of reservations ?
How many kids stay in the rooms reserved by ROY SWEAZY ?
Find the number of kids staying in the rooms reserved by a person called ROY SWEAZ .
How many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room .
Find the number of times ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room .
Which room has the highest rate ? List the room 's full name , rate , check in and check out date .
Return the name , rate , check in and check out date for the room with the highest rate .
How many adults stay in the room CONRAD SELBIG checked in on Oct 23 , 2010 ?
Find the number of adults for the room reserved and checked in by CONRAD SELBIG on Oct 23 , 2010 .
How many kids stay in the room DAMIEN TRACHSEL checked in on Sep 21 , 2010 ?
Return the number of kids for the room reserved and checked in by DAMIEN TRACHSEL on Sep 21 , 2010 .
How many king beds are there ?
Find the total number of king beds available .
List the names and decor of rooms that have a king bed . Sort the list by their price .
What are the names and decor of rooms with a king bed ? Sort them by their price
Which room has cheapest base price ? List the room 's name and the base price .
What are the room name and base price of the room with the lowest base price ?
What is the decor of room Recluse and defiance ?
Return the decor of the room named `` Recluse and defiance '' .
What is the average base price of different bed type ? List bed type and average base price .
For each bed type , find the average base price of different bed type .
What is the total number of people who could stay in the modern rooms in this inn ?
How many people in total can stay in the modern rooms of this inn ?
What kind of decor has the least number of reservations ?
What is the least popular kind of decor ?
List how many times the number of people in the room reached the maximum occupancy of the room . The number of people include adults and kids .
How many times the number of adults and kids staying in a room reached the maximum capacity of the room ?
Find the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms ' base prices .
What are the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms ' base prices ?
How many rooms are there ?
What is the total number of rooms available in this inn ?
Find the number of rooms with a king bed .
How many rooms have a king bed ?
Find the number of rooms for each bed type .
What are the number of rooms for each bed type ?
Find the name of the room with the maximum occupancy .
What is the name of the room that can accommodate the most people ?
Find the id and name of the most expensive base price room .
Which room has the highest base price ?
List the type of bed and name of all traditional rooms .
What are the bed type and name of all the rooms with traditional decor ?
Find the number of rooms with king bed for each decor type .
How many rooms have king beds ? Report the number for each decor type .
Find the average and minimum price of the rooms in different decor .
What is the average minimum and price of the rooms for each different decor .
List the name of all rooms sorted by their prices .
Sort all the rooms according to the price . Just report the room names .
Find the number of rooms with price higher than 120 for different decor .
How many rooms cost more than 120 , for each different decor ?
For each bed type , find the average room price .
What is the average base price of rooms , for each bed type ?
List the name of rooms with king or queen bed .
What are the names of rooms that have either king or queen bed ?
How many different types of beds are there ?
Find the number of distinct bed types available in this inn .
Find the name and id of the top 3 expensive rooms .
What are the name and id of the three highest priced rooms ?
Find the name of rooms whose price is higher than the average price .
What are the name of rooms that cost more than the average .
Find the number of rooms that do not have any reservation .
How many rooms have not had any reservation yet ?
Return the name and number of reservations made for each of the rooms .
For each room , find its name and the number of times reservations were made for it .
Find the names of rooms that have been reserved for more than 60 times .
What are the names of rooms whose reservation frequency exceeds 60 times ?
Find the name of rooms whose base price is between 120 and 150 .
Which rooms cost between 120 and 150 ? Give me the room names .
Find the name of rooms booked by some customers whose first name contains ROY .
What are the name of rooms booked by customers whose first name has `` ROY '' in part ?
what are the details of the cmi masters that have the cross reference code 'Tax ' ?
What is the cmi cross reference id that is related to at least one council tax entry ? List the cross reference id and source system code .
How many business rates are related to each cmi cross reference ? List cross reference id , master customer id and the n
What is the tax source system code related to the benefits and overpayments ? List the code and the benifit id , order by benifit id .
Wat is the tax source system code and master customer id of the taxes related to each parking fine id ?
What are the renting arrears tax ids related to the customer master index whose detail is not 'Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ' ?
What are the register ids of electoral registries that have the cross reference source system code 'Electoral ' or 'Tax ' ?
How many different source system code for the cmi cross references are there ?
List all information about customer master index , and sort them by details in descending order .
List the council tax ids and their related cmi cross references of all the parking fines .
How many council taxes are collected for renting arrears ?
What are the distinct cross reference source system codes which are related to the master customer details 'Gottlieb , Becker and Wyman ' ?
Which cmi cross reference id is not related to any parking taxes ?
Which distinct source system code includes the substring 'en ' ?
How many parties are there ?
Count the number of parties .
List the themes of parties in ascending order of number of hosts .
What are the themes of parties ordered by the number of hosts in ascending manner ?
What are the themes and locations of parties ?
Give me the theme and location of each party .
Show the first year and last year of parties with theme `` Spring '' or `` Teqnology '' .
What are the first year and last year of the parties whose theme is `` Spring '' or `` Teqnology '' ?
What is the average number of hosts for parties ?
Compute the average number of hosts for parties .
What is the location of the party with the most hosts ?
Which party had the most hosts ? Give me the party location .
Show different nationalities along with the number of hosts of each nationality .
How many hosts does each nationality have ? List the nationality and the count .
Show the most common nationality of hosts .
Which nationality has the most hosts ?
Show the nations that have both hosts older than 45 and hosts younger than 35 .
Which nations have both hosts of age above 45 and hosts of age below 35 ?
Show the themes of parties and the names of the party hosts .
For each party , return its theme and the name of its host .
Show the locations of parties and the names of the party hosts in ascending order of the age of the host .
For each party , find its location and the name of its host . Sort the result in ascending order of the age of the host .
Show the locations of parties with hosts older than 50 .
Which parties have hosts of age above 50 ? Give me the party locations .
Show the host names for parties with number of hosts greater than 20 .
Which parties have more than 20 hosts ? Give me the host names for these parties .
Show the name and the nationality of the oldest host .
What are the name and the nationality of the host of the highest age ?
List the names of hosts who did not serve as a host of any party in our record .
What are the names of hosts who did not host any party in our record ?
How many regions do we have ?
Count the number of regions .
Show all region code and region name sorted by the codes .
What are the codes and names for all regions , sorted by codes ?
List all region names in alphabetical order .
What are the names of the regions in alphabetical order ?
Show names for all regions except for Denmark .
Return the names of all regions other than Denmark .
How many storms had death records ?
Count the number of storms in which at least 1 person died .
List name , dates active , and number of deaths for all storms with at least 1 death .
What are the names , dates active , and number of deaths for storms that had 1 or more death ?
Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000 .
What is the average and maximum damage in millions for storms that had a max speed over 1000 ?
What is the total number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average ?
Return the total number of deaths and total damange in millions for storms that had a max speed greater than the average .
List name and damage for all storms in a descending order of max speed .
What are the names and damage in millions for storms , ordered by their max speeds descending ?
How many regions are affected ?
Count the number of different affected regions .
Show the name for regions not affected .
What are the names of regions that were not affected ?
Show the name for regions and the number of storms for each region .
How many storms occured in each region ?
List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm .
How many regions were affected by each storm ?
What is the storm name and max speed which affected the greatest number of regions ?
Return the name and max speed of the storm that affected the most regions .
Show the name of storms which do n't have affected region in record .
What are the names of storms that did not affect any regions ?
Show storm name with at least two regions and 10 cities affected .
What are the names of storms that both affected two or more regions and affected a total of 10 or more cities ?
Show all storm names except for those with at least two affected regions .
What are the names of storms that did not affect two or more regions ?
What are the region names affected by the storm with a number of deaths of least 10 ?
Return the names of the regions affected by storms that had a death count of at least 10 .
Show all storm names affecting region `` Denmark '' .
What are the names of the storms that affected Denmark ?
Show the region name with at least two storms .
What are the names of regions with two or more storms ?
Find the names of the regions which were affected by the storm that killed the greatest number of people .
What are the names of regions that were affected by the storm in which the most people died ?
Find the name of the storm that affected both Afghanistan and Albania regions .
What are the names of the storms that affected both the regions of Afghanistan and Albania ?
How many counties are there in total ?
Count the total number of counties .
Show the county name and population of all counties .
What are the name and population of each county ?
Show the average population of all counties .
On average how large is the population of the counties ?
Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties .
What are the maximum and minimum population of the counties ?
Show all the distinct districts for elections .
What are the distinct districts for elections ?
Show the zip code of the county with name `` Howard '' .
What is the zip code the county named `` Howard '' is located in ?
Show the delegate from district 1 in election .
Who is the delegate of district 1 in the elections ?
Show the delegate and committee information of elections .
What are the delegate and committee information for each election record ?
How many distinct governors are there ?
Count the number of distinct governors .
Show the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party .
Who are the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party ?
In which distinct years was the governor `` Eliot Spitzer '' ?
Find the distinct years when the governor was named `` Eliot Spitzer '' .
Show all the information about election .
Return all the information for each election record .
Show the delegates and the names of county they belong to .
What are the delegate and name of the county they belong to , for each county ?
Which delegates are from counties with population smaller than 100000 ?
Find the delegates who are from counties with population below 100000 .
How many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000 ?
Count the number of distinct delegates who are from counties with population above 50000 .
What are the names of the county that the delegates on `` Appropriations '' committee belong to ?
Which county do the delegates on `` Appropriations '' committee belong to ? Give me the county names .
Show the delegates and the names of the party they belong to .
For each delegate , find the names of the party they are part of .
Who were the governors of the parties associated with delegates from district 1 ?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1. Who served as governors of the parties ?
Who were the comptrollers of the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or district 2 ?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or 2. Who served as comptrollers of the parties ?
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic party .
Which committees have delegates from the Democratic party ?
Show the name of each county along with the corresponding number of delegates from that county .
For each county , find the name of the county and the number of delegates from that county .
Show the name of each party and the corresponding number of delegates from that party .
For each party , return the name of the party and the number of delegates from that party .
Return the names of all counties sorted by population in ascending order .
Sort the names of all counties in ascending order of population .
Return the names of all counties sorted by county name in descending alphabetical order .
Sort the names of all counties in descending alphabetical order .
Show the name of the county with the biggest population .
Which county has the largest population ? Give me the name of the county .
Show the 3 counties with the smallest population .
What are the 3 counties that have the smallest population ? Give me the county names .
Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates .
Which counties have two or more delegates ? Give me the county names .
Show the name of the party that has at least two records .
Which party has two or more records ?
Show the name of the party that has the most delegates .
Which party has the largest number of delegates ?
Show the people that have been governor the most times .
Which people severed as governor most frequently ?
Show the people that have been comptroller the most times and the corresponding number of times .
Which people severed as comptroller most frequently ? Give me the name of the person and the frequency count .
What are the names of parties that do not have delegates in election ?
Which parties did not have any delegates in elections ?
What are the names of parties that have both delegates on `` Appropriations '' committee and
Which parties have delegates in both the `` Appropriations '' committee and the `` Economic Matters '' committee ?
Which committees have delegates from both democratic party and liberal party ?
Find the committees that have delegates both from from the democratic party and the liberal party .
How many journalists are there ?
List the names of journalists in ascending order of years working .
What are the nationalities and ages of journalists ?
Show the names of journalists from `` England '' or `` Wales '' .
What is the average number of years spent working as a journalist ?
What is the nationality of the journalist with the largest number of years working ?
Show the different nationalities and the number of journalists of each nationality .
Show the most common nationality for journalists .
Show the nations that have both journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working .
Show the dates , places , and names of events in descending order of the attendance .
Show the names of journalists and the dates of the events they reported .
Show the names of journalists and the names of the events they reported in ascending order
Show the names of journalists and the number of events they reported .
Show the names of journalists that have reported more than one event .
List the names of journalists who have not reported any event .
what are the average and maximum attendances of all events ?
Find the average age and experience working length of journalists working on different role type .
List the event venues and names that have the top 2 most number of people attended .
Show me all the restaurants .
What is the address of the restaurant Subway ?
What is the rating of the restaurant Subway ?
List all restaurant types .
What is the description of the restaurant type Sandwich ?
Which restaurants have highest rating ? List the restaurant name and its rating .
What is the age of student Linda Smith ?
What is the gender of the student Linda Smith ?
List all students ' first names and last names who majored in 600 .
Which city does student Linda Smith live in ?
Advisor 1121 has how many students ?
Which Advisor has most of students ? List advisor and the number of students .
Which major has least number of students ? List the major and the number of students .
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ? List major and the number of students .
Which student 's age is older than 18 and is majoring in 600 ? List each student 's first and last name .
List all female students age is older than 18 who is not majoring in 600 . List students ' first name and last name .
How many restaurant is the Sandwich type restaurant ?
How long does student Linda Smith spend on the restaurant in total ?
How many times has the student Linda Smith visited Subway ?
When did Linda Smith visit Subway ?
At which restaurant did the students spend the least amount of time ? List restaurant and the time students spent on in total .
Which student visited restaurant most often ? List student 's first name and last name .
Find the ids of orders whose status is 'Success ' .
Find the name and price of the product that has been ordered the greatest number of times .
Find the number of customers in total .
How many different payment methods are there ?
Show the details of all trucks in the order of their license number .
Find the name of the most expensive product .
Find the names of customers who are not living in the state of California .
List the names and emails of customers who payed by Visa card .
Find the names and phone numbers of customers living in California state .
Find the states which do not have any employee in their record .
List the names , phone numbers , and emails of all customers sorted by their dates of becoming customers .
Find the name of the first 5 customers .
Find the payment method that is used most frequently .
List the names of all routes in alphabetic order .
Find the name of route that has the highest number of deliveries .
List the state names and the number of customers living in each state .
How many authors are there ?
Count the number of authors .
How many institutions are there ?
Count the number of institutions .
How many papers are published in total ?
Count the number of total papers .
What are the titles of papers published by `` Jeremy Gibbons '' ?
Find the titles of all the papers written by `` Jeremy Gibbons ''
Find all the papers published by `` Aaron Turon '' .
Find the titles of all the papers written by `` Aaron Turon '' .
How many papers have `` Atsushi Ohori '' published ?
How many papers are `` Atsushi Ohori '' the author of ?
What is the name of the institution that `` Matthias Blume '' belongs to ?
Which institution is the author `` Matthias Blume '' belong to ? Give me the name of the institution .
Which institution does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ?
What is the name of the institution the author `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belongs to ?
Who belong to the institution `` University of Oxford '' ? Show the first names and last names .
Find the first names and last names of the authors whose institution affiliation is `` University of Oxford '' .
Which authors belong to the institution `` Google '' ? Show the first names and last names .
Find the first names and last names of the authors whose institution affiliation is `` Google '' .
What are the last names of the author of the paper titled `` Binders Unbound '' ?
Who is the author of the paper titled `` Binders Unbound '' ? Give me the last name .
Find the first and last name of the author ( s ) who wrote the paper `` Nameless , Painless '' .
What are the first and last name of the author who published the paper titled `` Nameless , Painless '' ?
What are the papers published under the institution `` Indiana University '' ?
List the titles of the papers whose authors are from the institution `` Indiana University '' .
Find all the papers published by the institution `` Google '' .
Which papers were written by authors from the institution `` Google '' ?
How many papers are published by the institution `` Tokohu University '' ?
Find the number of papers published by authors from the institution `` Tokohu University '' .
Find the number of papers published by the institution `` University of Pennsylvania '' .
How many papers are written by authors from the institution `` University of Pennsylvania '' ?
Find the papers which have `` Olin Shivers '' as an author .
Which papers did the author `` Olin Shivers '' write ? Give me the paper titles .
Which papers have `` Stephanie Weirich '' as an author ?
Find the titles of the papers the author `` Stephanie Weirich '' wrote .
Which paper is published in an institution in `` USA '' and have `` Turon '' as its second author ?
Find papers whose second author has last name `` Turon '' and is affiliated with an institution in the country `` USA '' .
Find the titles of papers whose first author is affiliated with an institution in the country `` Japan '' and has last name `` Ohori '' ?
Which papers ' first author is affiliated with an institution in the country `` Japan '' and has last name `` Ohori '' ? Give me the titles of the papers .
What is the last name of the author that has published the most papers ?
Which author has written the most papers ? Find his or her last name .
Retrieve the country that has published the most papers .
Find the country that the most papers are affiliated with .
Find the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers .
Which institution has the most papers ? Find the name of the institution .
Find the titles of the papers that contain the word `` ML '' .
Which papers have the substring `` ML '' in their titles ? Return the titles of the papers .
Which paper 's title contains the word `` Database '' ?
Which papers have the substring `` Database '' in their titles ? Show the titles of the papers .
Find the first names of all the authors who have written a paper with title containing the word `` Functional '' .
Who has written a paper that has the word `` Functional '' in its title ? Return the first names of the authors .
Find the last names of all the authors that have written a paper with title containing the word `` Monadic '' .
Which authors have written a paper with title containing the word `` Monadic '' ? Return their last names .
Retrieve the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors .
Which paper has the most authors ? Give me the paper title .
What is the first name of the author with last name `` Ueno '' ?
Which authors have last name `` Ueno '' ? List their first names .
Find the last name of the author with first name `` Amal '' .
Which authors have first name `` Amal '' ? List their last names .
Find the first names of all the authors ordered in alphabetical order .
Sort the first names of all the authors in alphabetical order .
Retrieve all the last names of authors in alphabetical order .
Give me a list of all the last names of authors sorted in alphabetical order
Retrieve all the first and last names of authors in the alphabetical order of last names .
Sort the list of all the first and last names of authors in alphabetical order of the last names .
How many different last names do the actors and actresses have ?
Count the number of different last names actors have .
What is the most popular first name of the actors ?
Return the most common first name among all actors .
What is the most popular full name of the actors ?
Return the most common full name among all actors .
Which districts have at least two addresses ?
Give the districts which have two or more addresses .
What is the phone number and postal code of the address 1031 Daugavpils Parkway ?
Give the phone and postal code corresponding to the address '1031 Daugavpils Parkway ' .
Which city has the most addresses ? List the city name , number of addresses , and city id .
What are the city name , id , and number of addresses corresponding to the city with the most addressed ?
How many addresses are in the district of California ?
Count the number of addressed in the California district .
Which film is rented at a fee of 0.99 and has less than 3 in the inventory ? List the film title and id .
What are the title and id of the film which has a rental rate of 0.99 and an inventory of below 3 ?
How many cities are in Australia ?
Count the number of cities in Australia .
Which countries have at least 3 cities ?
What are the countries that contain 3 or more cities ?
Find all the payment dates for the payments with an amount larger than 10 and the payments handled by a staff person with the first name Elsa .
What are the payment dates for any payments that have an amount greater than 10 or were handled by a staff member with the first name Elsa ?
How many customers have an active value of 1 ?
Count the number of customers who are active .
Which film has the highest rental rate ? And what is the rate ?
What are the title and rental rate of the film with the highest rental rate ?
Which film has the most number of actors or actresses ? List the film name , film id and description .
What are the title , id , and description of the movie with the greatest number of actors ?
Which film actor ( actress ) starred the most films ? List his or her first name , last name and actor id .
Return the full name and id of the actor or actress who starred in the greatest number of films .
Which film actors ( actresses ) played a role in more than 30 films ? List his or her first name and last name .
What are the full names of actors who had roles in more than 30 films ?
Which store owns most items ?
What is the id of the store that has the most items in inventory ?
What is the total amount of all payments ?
Return the sum of all payment amounts .
Which customer , who has made at least one payment , has spent the least money ? List his or her first name , last name , and the id .
What is the full name and id of the customer who has the lowest total amount of payment ?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF ?
Return the name of the category to which the film 'HUNGER ROOF ' belongs .
How many films are there in each category ? List the genre name , genre id and the count .
What are the names and ids of the different categories , and how many films are in each ?
Which film has the most copies in the inventory ? List both title and id .
What is the title and id of the film that has the greatest number of copies in inventory ?
What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently ?
Return the title and inventory id of the film that is rented most often .
How many languages are in these films ?
Count the number of different languages in these films .
What are all the movies rated as R ? List the titles .
Return the titles of any movies with an R rating .
Where is store 1 located ?
Return the address of store 1 .
Which staff handled least number of payments ? List the full name and the id .
Give the full name and staff id of the staff who has handled the fewest payments .
Which language does the film AIRPORT POLLOCK use ? List the language name .
What is the name of the language that the film 'AIRPORT POLLOCK ' is in ?
How many stores are there ?
Count the number of stores .
How many kinds of different ratings are listed ?
Count the number of different film ratings .
Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes ' as a substring in the special feature ?
Return the titles of films that include 'Deleted Scenes ' in their special feature section .
How many items in inventory does store 1 have ?
Count the number of items store 1 has in stock .
When did the first payment happen ?
What was the date of the earliest payment ?
Where does the customer with the first name Linda live ? And what is her email ?
Return the address and email of the customer with the first name Linda .
Find all the films longer than 100 minutes , or rated PG , except those who cost more than 200 for replacement . List the titles .
What are the titles of films that are either longer than 100 minutes or rated PG other than those that cost more than 200 to replace ?
What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental ?
Return the full name of the customer who made the first rental .
What is the full name of the staff member who has rented a film to a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns ?
Return the full name of the staff who provided a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns with a film rental .
Which store has most the customers ?
Return the id of the store with the most customers .
What is the largest payment amount ?
Return the amount of the largest payment .
Where does the staff member with the first name Elsa live ?
Give the address of the staff member who has the first name Elsa .
What are the first names of customers who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' ?
Return the first names of customers who did not rented a film after the date '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' .
How many bank branches are there ?
Count the number of bank branches .
How many customers are there ?
What is the total number of customers across banks ?
Find the number of customers in the banks at New York City .
What is the total number of customers who use banks in New York City ?
Find the average number of customers in all banks of Utah state .
What is the average number of customers across banks in the state of Utah ?
Find the average number of customers cross all banks .
What is the average number of bank customers ?
Find the city and state of the bank branch named morningside .
What city and state is the bank with the name morningside in ?
Find the branch names of banks in the New York state .
What are the names of banks in the state of New York ?
List the name of all customers sorted by their account balance in ascending order .
What are the names of all customers , ordered by account balance ?
List the name of all different customers who have some loan sorted by their total loan amount .
What are the names of the different customers who have taken out a loan , ordered by the total amount that they have taken ?
Find the state , account type , and credit score of the customer whose number of loan is 0 .
What are the states , account types , and credit scores for customers who have 0 loans ?
Find the number of different cities which banks are located at .
In how many different cities are banks located ?
Find the number of different states which banks are located at .
In how many different states are banks located ?
How many distinct types of accounts are there ?
Count the number of different account types .
Find the name and account balance of the customer whose name includes the letter ‘a’ .
What are the names and account balances of customers with the letter a in their names ?
Find the total account balance of each customer from Utah or Texas .
What are the total account balances for each customer from Utah or Texas ?
Find the name of customers who have both saving and checking account types .
What are the names of customers who have both savings and checking accounts ?
Find the name of customers who do not have an saving account .
What are the names of customers who do not have saving accounts ?
Find the name of customers who do not have a loan with a type of Mortgages .
What are the names of customers who have not taken a Mortage loan ?
Find the name of customers who have loans of both Mortgages and Auto .
What are the names of customers who have taken both Mortgage and Auto loans ?
Find the name of customers whose credit score is below the average credit scores of all customers .
What are the names of customers with credit score less than the average credit score across customers ?
Find the branch name of the bank that has the most number of customers .
What is the name of the bank branch with the greatest number of customers ?
Find the name of customer who has the lowest credit score .
What is the name of the customer with the worst credit score ?
Find the name , account type , and account balance of the customer who has the highest credit score .
What is the name , account type , and account balance corresponding to the customer with the highest credit score ?
Find the name of customer who has the highest amount of loans .
What is the name of the customer who has greatest total loan amount ?
Find the state which has the most number of customers .
Which state has the greatest total number of bank customers ?
For each account type , find the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50 .
What is the average account balance of customers with credit score below 50 for the different account types ?
For each state , find the total account balance of customers whose credit score is above 100 .
What is the total account balance for customers with a credit score of above 100 for the different states ?
Find the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch .
What are the names of the different bank branches , and what are their total loan amounts ?
Find the name of customers who have more than one loan .
What are the names of customers who have taken out more than one loan ?
Find the name and account balance of the customers who have loans with a total amount of more than 5000 .
What are the names and account balances for customers who have taken a total amount of more than 5000 in loans ?
Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans .
What is the name of the bank branch that has lent the greatest amount ?
Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans to customers with credit score is less than 100 .
What is the name of the bank branch that has lended the largest total amount in loans , specifically to customers with credit scores below 100 ?
Find the name of bank branches that provided some loans .
What are the names of the different banks that have provided loans ?
Find the name and credit score of the customers who have some loans .
What are the different names and credit scores of customers who have taken a loan ?
Find the the name of the customers who have a loan with amount more than 3000 .
What are the names of customers who have a loan of more than 3000 in amount ?
Find the city and name of bank branches that provide business loans .
What are the names and cities of bank branches that offer loans for business ?
Find the names of bank branches that have provided a loan to any customer whose credit score is below 100 .
What are the names of banks that have loaned money to customers with credit scores below 100 ?
Find the total amount of loans provided by bank branches in the state of New York .
What is the total amount of money loaned by banks in New York state ?
Find the average credit score of the customers who have some loan .
What is the average credit score for customers who have taken a loan ?
Find the average credit score of the customers who do not have any loan .
What is the average credit score for customers who have never taken a loan ?
How many assessment notes are there in total ?
What are the dates of the assessment notes ?
How many addresses have zip code 197 ?
How many distinct incident type codes are there ?
Return all distinct detention type codes .
What are the start and end dates for incidents with incident type code `` NOISE '' ?
Return all detention summaries .
Return the cell phone number and email address for all students .
What is the email of the student with first name `` Emma '' and last name `` Rohan '' ?
How many distinct students have been in detention ?
What is the gender of the teacher with last name `` Medhurst '' ?
What is the incident type description for the incident type with code `` VIOLENCE '' ?
Find the maximum and minimum monthly rental for all student addresses .
Find the first names of teachers whose email address contains the word `` man '' .
List all information about the assessment notes sorted by date in ascending order .
List all cities of addresses in alphabetical order .
Find the first names and last names of teachers in alphabetical order of last name .
Find all information about student addresses , and sort by monthly rental in descending order .
Find the id and first name of the student that has the most number of assessment notes ?
Find the ids and first names of the 3 teachers that have the most number of assessment notes ?
Find the id and last name of the student that has the most behavior incidents ?
Find the id and last name of the teacher that has the most detentions with detention type code `` AFTER '' ?
What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental ?
Find the id and city of the student address with the highest average monthly rental .
What are the code and description of the most frequent behavior incident type ?
What are the code and description of the least frequent detention type ?
Find the dates of assessment notes for students with first name `` Fanny '' .
Find the texts of assessment notes for teachers with last name `` Schuster '' .
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Fahey '' .
Find the start and end dates of detentions of teachers with last name `` Schultz '' .
What are the id and zip code of the address with the highest monthly rental ?
What is the cell phone number of the student whose address has the lowest monthly rental ?
What are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state ?
What are the first names and last names of students with address in Wisconsin state ?
What are the line 1 and average monthly rentals of all student addresses ?
What is the zip code of the address where the teacher with first name `` Lyla '' lives ?
What are the email addresses of teachers whose address has zip code `` 918 '' ?
How many students are not involved in any behavior incident ?
Find the last names of teachers who are not involved in any detention .
What are the line 1 of addresses shared by some students and some teachers ?
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs ? List the asset id and detail .
How many assets does each maintenance contract contain ? List the number and the contract id .
How many assets does each third party company supply ? List the count and the company id .
Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers or have at least 2 maintenance contracts ? List the company id and name .
What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log but has not contacted any visiting engineers ?
Which engineer has visited the most times ? Show the engineer id , first name and last name .
Which parts have more than 2 faults ? Show the part name and id .
List all every engineer 's first name , last name , details and coresponding skill description .
For all the faults of different parts , what are all the decriptions of the skills required to fix them ? List the name of the faults and the skill description .
How many assets can each parts be used in ? List the part name and the number .
What are all the fault descriptions and the fault status of all the faults recoreded in the logs ?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id .
What are all the distinct last names of all the engineers ?
How many fault status codes are recorded in the fault log parts table ?
Which engineers have never visited to maintain the assets ? List the engineer first name and last name .
List the asset id , details , make and model for every asset .
When was the first asset acquired ?
Which part fault requires the most number of skills to fix ? List part id and name .
Which kind of part has the least number of faults ? List the part name .
Among those engineers who have visited , which engineer makes the least number of visits ? List the engineer id , first name and last name .
Which staff have contacted which engineers ? List the staff name and the engineer first name and last name .
Which fault log included the most number of faulty parts ? List the fault log id , description and record time .
Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults ? List the skill id and description .
What are all the distinct asset models ?
List the all the assets make , model , details by the disposed date ascendingly .
Which part has the least chargeable amount ? List the part id and amount .
Which company started the earliest the maintenance contract ? Show the company name .
What is the description of the type of the company who concluded its contracts most recently ?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff ?
How many engineers did each staff contact ? List both the contact staff name and number of engineers contacted .
Which assets did not incur any fault log ? List the asset model .
list the local authorities and services provided by all stations .
show all train numbers and names ordered by their time from early to late .
Give me the times and numbers of all trains that go to Chennai , ordered by time .
How many trains have 'Express ' in their names ?
Find the number and time of the train that goes from Chennai to Guruvayur .
Find the number of trains starting from each origin .
Find the name of the train whose route runs through greatest number of stations .
Find the number of trains for each station , as well as the station network name and services .
What is the average high temperature for each day of week ?
Give me the maximum low temperature and average precipitation at the Amersham station .
Find names and times of trains that run through stations for the local authority Chiltern .
How many different services are provided by all stations ?
Find the id and local authority of the station with has the highest average high temperature .
Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 .
show the lowest low temperature and highest wind speed in miles per hour .
Find the origins from which more than 1 train starts .
Find the number of professors in accounting department .
How many professors are in the accounting dept ?
How many professors are teaching class with code ACCT-211 ?
How many professors teach a class with the code ACCT-211 ?
What is the first and last name of the professor in biology department ?
What are the first and last name of all biology professors ?
What are the first names and date of birth of professors teaching course ACCT-211 ?
What are the first names and birthdates of the professors in charge of ACCT-211 ?
How many classes are professor whose last name is Graztevski has ?
How many classes does the professor whose last name is Graztevski teach ?
What is the code of the school where the accounting department belongs to ?
What is the school code of the accounting department ?
How many credits does course CIS-220 have , and what its description ?
What is the description for the CIS-220 and how many credits does it have ?
what is the address of history department ?
Where is the history department ?
How many different locations does the school with code BUS has ?
What are the different locations of the school with the code BUS ?
How many different locations does each school have ?
Count different addresses of each school .
Find the description and credit for the course QM-261 ?
What is the course description and number of credits for QM-261 ?
Find the number of departments in each school .
How many departments are in each school ?
Find the number of different departments in each school whose number of different departments is less than 5 .
How many different departments are there in each school that has less than 5 apartments ?
How many sections does each course has ?
How many sections does each course have ?
What is the total credit does each department offer ?
How many credits does the department offer ?
Find the number of classes offered for all class rooms that held at least 2 classes .
For each classroom with at least 2 classes , how many classes are offered ?
Find the number of classes in each department .
How many classes are held in each department ?
Find the number of classes in each school .
How many classes exist for each school ?
What is the number of professors for different school ?
How many different professors are there for the different schools ?
Find the count and code of the job has most employees .
What is the count and code of the job with the most employee ?
Which school has the smallest amount of professors ?
Which school has the fewest professors ?
Find the number of professors with a Ph.D. degree in each department .
How many professors have a Ph.D. in each department ?
Find the number of students for each department .
How many students are in each department ?
Find the total number of hours have done for all students in each department .
How many hours do the students spend studying in each department ?
Find the max , average , and minimum gpa of all students in each department .
What is the highest , lowest , and average student GPA for every department ?
What is the name and the average gpa of department whose students have the highest average gpa ?
Which department has the highest average student GPA , and what is the average gpa ?
how many schools exist in total ?
How many schools are there in the department ?
How many different classes are there ?
How many unique classes are offered ?
How many courses are offered ?
What are the number of different course codes ?
How many departments does the college has ?
How many different departments are there ?
How many courses are offered by the Computer Info . Systems department ?
How many courses does the department of Computer Information Systmes offer ?
How many sections does course ACCT-211 has ?
What is the number of different class sections offered in the course ACCT-211 ?
Find the total credits of all classes offered by each department .
What are the total number of credits offered by each department ?
Find the name of the department that offers the largest number of credits of all classes .
Which department offers the most credits all together ?
How many students enrolled in class ACCT-211 ?
What are the total number of students enrolled in ACCT-211 ?
What is the first name of each student enrolled in class ACCT-211 ?
What are the first names of all students in course ACCT-211 ?
What is the first name of students enrolled in class ACCT-211 and got grade C ?
What are the first names of all students who took ACCT-211 and received a C ?
Find the total number of employees .
How many employees are there all together ?
How many professors do have a Ph.D. degree ?
What is the total number of professors with a Ph.D. ?
How many students are enrolled in the class taught by some professor from the accounting department ?
How many students are enrolled in some classes that are taught by an accounting professor ?
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled ?
What is the name of the department with the most students enrolled ?
list names of all departments ordered by their names .
What are the names of all departments in alphabetical order ?
List the codes of all courses that take place in room KLR209 .
What are the codes of all the courses that are located in room KLR209 ?
List the first name of all employees with job code PROF ordered by their date of birth .
What are the first names of all employees that are professors ordered by date of birth ?
Find the first names and offices of all professors sorted by alphabetical order of their first name .
What are the first names and office locations for all professors sorted alphabetically by first name ?
What is the first and last name of the oldest employee ?
What are the first and last names of the employee with the earliest date of birth ?
What is the first , last name , gpa of the youngest one among students whose GPA is above 3 ?
What is the first and last name of the youngest student with a GPA above 3 , and what is their GPA ?
What is the first name of students who got grade C in any class ?
What are the first names of all students who got a grade C in a class ?
What is the name of department where has the smallest number of professors ?
What is the name of the department with the fewest professors ?
What is the name of department where has the largest number of professors with a Ph.D. degree ?
Which department has the most professors with a Ph.D. ?
What are the first names of the professors who do not teach a class .
What are the first names of all professors not teaching any classes ?
What is the first names of the professors from the history department who do not teach a class .
What are the first names of all history professors who do not teach ?
What is the last name and office of the professor from the history department ?
What are the last name and office of all history professors ?
What is department name and office for the professor whose last name is Heffington ?
What is the name of the department and office location for the professor with the last name of Heffington ?
Find the last name and hire date of the professor who is in office DRE 102 .
What is the last name of the professor whose office is located in DRE 102 , and when were they hired ?
What is the code of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took ?
What are the course codes for every class that the student with the last name Smithson took ?
What are the description and credit of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took ?
How many credits is the course that the student with the last name Smithson took , and what is its description ?
How many professors who has a either Ph.D. or MA degree ?
How many professors attained either Ph.D. or Masters degrees ?
How many professors who are from either Accounting or Biology department ?
What is the number of professors who are in the Accounting or Biology departments ?
Find the first name of the professor who is teaching two courses with code CIS-220 and QM-261 .
What is the first name of the professor who is teaching CIS-220 and QM-261 ?
Find the first name of student who is taking classes from accounting and Computer Info . Systems departments
What are the first names of all students taking accoutning and Computer Information Systems classes ?
What is the average gpa of the students enrolled in the course with code ACCT-211 ?
What is the average GPA of students taking ACCT-211 ?
What is the first name , gpa and phone number of the top 5 students with highest gpa ?
What is the first name , GPA , and phone number of the students with the top 5 GPAs ?
What is the department name of the students with lowest gpa belongs to ?
What is the name of the department with the student that has the lowest GPA ?
Find the first name and gpa of the students whose gpa is lower than the average gpa of all students .
What is the first name and GPA of every student that has a GPA lower than average ?
Find the name and address of the department that has the highest number of students .
What is the name and address of the department with the most students ?
Find the name , address , number of students in the departments that have the top 3 highest number of students .
What is the name , address , and number of students in the departments that have the 3 most students ?
Find the first name and office of the professor who is in the history department and has a Ph.D. degree .
What are the first names and office of the professors who are in the history department and have a Ph.D ?
Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course code .
What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding course codes ?
Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course description .
What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding descriptions ?
Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and also find the course description .
What are the first names , office locations of all lecturers who have taught some course ?
Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and the course description and the department name .
What are the first names , office locations , and departments of all instructors , and also what are the descriptions of the courses they teach ?
Find names of all students who took some course and the course description .
What are the names of all students who took a class and the corresponding course descriptions ?
Find names of all students who took some course and got A or C .
What are the names of all students taking a course who received an A or C ?
Find the first names of all professors in the Accounting department who is teaching some course and the class room .
What are the first names of all Accounting professors who teach and what are the classrooms of the courses they teach ?
Find the first names and degree of all professors who are teaching some class in Computer Info . Systems department .
What are the different first names and highest degree attained for professors teaching in the Computer Information Systems department ?
What is the last name of the student who got a grade A in the class with code 10018 .
What is the last name of the student who received an A in the class with the code 10018 ?
Find the first name and office of history professor who did not get a Ph.D. degree .
What are the first names and offices of history professors who do n't have Ph.D.s ?
Find the first names of professors who are teaching more than one class .
What are the first names of all professors who teach more than one class ?
Find the first names of students who took exactly one class .
What are the first names of student who only took one course ?
Find the name of department that offers the class whose description has the word `` Statistics '' .
What is the name of the department that offers a course that has a description including the word `` Statistics '' ?
What is the first name of the student whose last name starting with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211 class ?
What is the first name of the student whose last name starts with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211 ?
How many clubs are there ?
What is the total number of clubs ?
List the distinct region of clubs in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the different regions of clubs in ascending alphabetical order ?
What is the average number of gold medals for clubs ?
What is the average number of gold medals for a club ?
What are the types and countries of competitions ?
What are the types of every competition and in which countries are they located ?
What are the distinct years in which the competitions type is not `` Tournament '' ?
What are the different years for all competitions that are not of type equal to tournament ?
What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for clubs .
What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for all the clubs ?
How many clubs have total medals less than 10 ?
What is the total number of clubs that have less than 10 medals in total ?
List all club names in ascending order of start year .
What are the names of all the clubs starting with the oldest ?
List all club names in descending alphabetical order .
What are the names of all the clubs ordered in descending alphabetical order ?
Please show the names and the players of clubs .
What are the names and players of all the clubs ?
Show the names of clubs that have players with position `` Right Wing '' .
What are the names of the clubs that have players in the position of `` Right Wing '' ?
What is the average points of players from club with name `` AIB '' .
What is the average number of points for players from the `` AIB '' club ?
List the position of players and the average number of points of players of each position .
For each position , what is the average number of points for players in that position ?
List the position of players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20 .
What are the positions of players whose average number of points scored by that position is larger than 20 ?
List the types of competition and the number of competitions of each type .
What are the types of competition and number of competitions for that type ?
List the most common type of competition .
What is the most common competition type ?
List the types of competition that have at most five competitions of that type .
What are the types of competition that have most 5 competitions for that type ?
List the names of clubs that do not have any players .
What are the names of all clubs that do not have any players ?
What are the positions with both players having more than 20 points and less than 10 points .
What are the positions of both players that have more than 20 20 points and less than 10 points ?
Show total points of all players .
What is the total number of points for all players ?
how many different positions are there ?
How many different position for players are listed ?
what are the name of players who get more than the average points .
What are the names of all players that got more than the average number of points ?
find the number of players whose points are lower than 30 in each position .
What is the number of players who have points less than 30 for each position ?
which country did participated in the most number of Tournament competitions ?
what is the name of the country that participated in the most tournament competitions ?
which countries did participated in both Friendly and Tournament type competitions .
What are the countries that participated in both friendly and tournament type competitions ?
Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type .
What are the countries that have never participated in any friendly-type competitions ?
How many furniture components are there in total ?
Return the name and id of the furniture with the highest market rate .
find the total market rate of the furnitures that have the top 2 market shares .
Find the component amounts and names of all furnitures that have more than 10 components .
Find the name and component amount of the least popular furniture .
Find the names of furnitures whose prices are lower than the highest price .
Which manufacturer has the most number of shops ? List its name and year of opening .
Find the average number of factories for the manufacturers that have more than 20 shops .
List all manufacturer names and ids ordered by their opening year .
Give me the name and year of opening of the manufacturers that have either less than 10 factories or more than 10 shops .
what is the average number of factories and maximum number of shops for manufacturers that opened before 1990 .
Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture .
Find the number of funiture types produced by each manufacturer as well as the company names .
Give me the names and prices of furnitures which some companies are manufacturing .
Find the market shares and names of furnitures which no any company is producing in our records .
Find the name of the company that produces both furnitures with less than 6 components and furnitures with more than 10 components .
Display the first name and department name for each employee .
What are the first name and department name of all employees ?
List the full name ( first and last name ) , and salary for those employees who earn below 6000 .
What are the full names and salaries for any employees earning less than 6000 ?
Display the first name , and department number for all employees whose last name is `` McEwen '' .
What are the first names and department numbers for employees with last name McEwen ?
Return all the information for all employees without any department number .
What are all the employees without a department number ?
Display all the information about the department Marketing .
What is all the information about the Marketing department ?
when is the hire date for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M ?
On what dates were employees without the letter M in their first names hired ?
display the full name ( first and last ) , hire date , salary , and department number for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M .
What are the full name , hire date , salary , and department id for employees without the letter M in their first name ?
display the full name ( first and last ) , hire date , salary , and department number for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M and make the result set in ascending order by department number .
What are the full name , hire data , salary and department id for employees without the letter M in their first name , ordered by ascending department id ?
what is the phone number of employees whose salary is in the range of 8000 and 12000 ?
Return the phone numbers of employees with salaries between 8000 and 12000 .
display all the information of employees whose salary is in the range of 8000 and 12000 and commission is not null or department number does not equal to 40 .
Return all information about employees with salaries between 8000 and 12000 for which commission is not null or where their department id is not 40 .
What are the full name ( first and last name ) and salary for all employees who does not have any value for commission ?
Return the full names and salaries of employees with null commissions .
Display the first and last name , and salary for those employees whose first name is ending with the letter m .
Return the full names and salaries for employees with first names that end with the letter m .
Find job id and date of hire for those employees who was hired between November 5th , 2007 and July 5th , 2009 .
What are the job ids and dates of hire for employees hired after November 5th , 2007 and before July 5th , 2009 ?
What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ?
What are the full names of employees who with in department 70 or 90 ?
Find the salary and manager number for those employees who is working under a manager .
What are the salaries and manager ids for employees who have managers ?
display all the details from Employees table for those employees who was hired before 2002-06-21 .
What is all the information about employees hired before June 21 , 2002 ?
display all the information for all employees who have the letters D or S in their first name and also arrange the result in descending order by salary .
What is all the information about employees with D or S in their first name , ordered by salary descending ?
display those employees who joined after 7th September , 1987 .
Which employees were hired after September 7th , 1987 ?
display the job title of jobs which minimum salary is greater than 9000 .
Which job titles correspond to jobs with salaries over 9000 ?
display job Title , the difference between minimum and maximum salaries for those jobs which max salary within the range 12000 to 18000 .
What are the job titles , and range of salaries for jobs with maximum salary between 12000 and 18000 ?
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50 .
What are the emails of employees with null commission , salary between 7000 and 12000 , and who work in department 50 ?
display the employee ID for each employee and the date on which he ended his previous job .
What are the employee ids for each employee and final dates of employment at their last job ?
display those departments where more than ten employees work who got a commission percentage .
What are the department ids for which more than 10 employees had a commission ?
Find the ids of the departments where any manager is managing 4 or more employees .
What are department ids for departments with managers managing more than 3 employees ?
display the average salary of employees for each department who gets a commission percentage .
What is the average salary of employees who have a commission percentage that is not null ?
display the country ID and number of cities for each country .
Give the country id and corresponding count of cities in each country .
display job ID for those jobs that were done by two or more for more than 300 days .
What are the job ids for jobs done more than once for a period of more than 300 days ?
display the ID for those employees who did two or more jobs in the past .
What are the employee ids for employees who have held two or more jobs ?
Find employee with ID and name of the country presently where ( s ) he is working .
What are all the employee ids and the names of the countries in which they work ?
display the department name and number of employees in each of the department .
Give the name of each department and the number of employees in each .
Can you return all detailed info of jobs which was done by any of the employees who is presently earning a salary on and above 12000 ?
What is all the job history info done by employees earning a salary greater than or equal to 12000 ?
display job title and average salary of employees .
What is the average salary for each job title ?
What is the full name ( first name and last name ) for those employees who gets more salary than the employee whose id is 163 ?
Provide the full names of employees earning more than the employee with id 163 .
return the smallest salary for every departments .
What is the minimum salary in each department ?
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments .
What are the full names and department ids for the lowest paid employees across all departments .
Find the employee id for all employees who earn more than the average salary .
What are the employee ids for employees who make more than the average ?
display the employee id and salary of all employees who report to Payam ( first name ) .
What are the employee ids of employees who report to Payam , and what are their salaries ?
find the name of all departments that do actually have one or more employees assigned to them .
What are the names of departments that have at least one employee .
get the details of employees who manage a department .
What is all the information regarding employees who are managers ?
display all the information about the department Marketing .
What is all the information about the Marketing department ?
display the ID for those employees who did two or more jobs in the past .
What are the employee ids for those who had two or more jobs .
What are the unique ids of those departments where any manager is managing 4 or more employees .
Give the distinct department ids of departments in which a manager is in charge of 4 or more employees ?
Find the job ID for those jobs which average salary is above 8000 .
What are the job ids corresponding to jobs with average salary above 8000 ?
display the employee ID and job name for all those jobs in department 80 .
what are the employee ids and job titles for employees in department 80 ?
What is the first name and job id for all employees in the Finance department ?
Give the first name and job id for all employees in the Finance department .
display all the information of the employees whose salary if within the range of smallest salary and 2500 .
What is all the information regarding employees with salaries above the minimum and under 2500 ?
Find the ids of the employees who does not work in those departments where some employees works whose manager id within the range 100 and 200 .
What are the ids for employees who do not work in departments with managers that have ids between 100 and 200 ?
display the employee name ( first name and last name ) and hire date for all employees in the same department as Clara .
What are the full names and hire dates for employees in the same department as someone with the first name Clara ?
display the employee name ( first name and last name ) and hire date for all employees in the same department as Clara excluding Clara .
What are the full names and hire dates for employees in the same department as someone with the first name Clara , not including Clara ?
display the employee number and name ( first name and last name ) for all employees who work in a department with any employee whose name contains a ’T’ .
What are the ids and full names for employees who work in a department that has someone with a first name that contains the letter T ?
display the employee number , name ( first name and last name ) , and salary for all employees who earn more than the average salary and who work in a department with any employee with a 'J ' in their first name .
What are the ids , full names , and salaries for employees making more than average and who work in a department with employees who have the letter J in their first name ?
display the employee number and job id for all employees whose salary is smaller than any salary of those employees whose job title is MK_MAN .
What are the employee ids and job ids for employees who make less than the lowest earning employee with title MK_MAN ?
display the employee number , name ( first name and last name ) and job title for all employees whose salary is more than any salary of those employees whose job title is PU_MAN .
What are the employee ids , full names , and job ids for employees who make more than the highest earning employee with title PU_MAN ?
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees .
What are total salaries and department id for each department that has more than 2 employees ?
display all the information of those employees who did not have any job in the past .
What is all the information about employees who have never had a job in the past ?
display the department ID , full name ( first and last name ) , salary for those employees who is highest salary in every department .
What are the department ids , full names , and salaries for employees who make the most in their departments ?
display the first and last name , department , city , and state province for each employee .
What are the full names , departments , cities , and state provinces for each employee ?
display those employees who contain a letter z to their first name and also display their last name , city .
What are the full names and cities of employees who have the letter Z in their first names ?
display the department name , city , and state province for each department .
What are the department names , cities , and state provinces for each department ?
display the full name ( first and last name ) of employee with ID and name of the country presently where ( s ) he is working .
What the full names , ids of each employee and the name of the country they are in ?
display the department name and number of employees in each of the department .
What are the department names and how many employees work in each of them ?
display the full name ( first and last name ) , and salary of those employees who working in any department located in London .
What are full names and salaries of employees working in the city of London ?
What is the name of the song that was released in the most recent year ?
What is the name of the song that was released most recently ?
What is the id of the longest song ?
Find the id of the song that lasts the longest .
Find the names of all English songs .
What are the names of all songs in English ?
What are the id of songs whose format is mp3 .
What are the id of all the files in mp3 format ?
List the name and country of origin for all singers who have produced songs with rating above 9 .
What are the different names and countries of origins for all artists whose song ratings are above 9 ?
List the file size and format for all songs that have resolution lower than 800 .
What are the file sizes and formats for all songs with a resolution lower than 800 ?
What is the name of the artist who produced the shortest song ?
What are the names of the artists who sang the shortest song ?
What are the names and countries of origin for the artists who produced the top three highly rated songs .
What are the names of the singers who sang the top 3 most highly rated songs and what countries do they hail from ?
How many songs have 4 minute duration ?
What is the count of the songs that last approximately 4 minutes ?
How many artists are from Bangladesh ?
How many Bangladeshi artists are listed ?
What is the average rating of songs produced by female artists ?
How many songs , on average , are sung by a female artist ?
What is the most popular file format ?
Find the file format that is used by the most files .
Find the names of the artists who are from UK and have produced English songs .
What are the names of the artists that are from the UK and sang songs in English ?
Find the id of songs that are available in mp4 format and have resolution lower than 1000 .
What is the id of the files that are available in the format of mp4 and a resolution smaller than 1000 ?
What is the country of origin of the artist who is female and produced a song in Bangla ?
What countries are the female artists who sung in the language Bangla from ?
What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ?
What is the average song duration for the songs that are in mp3 format and whose resolution below 800 ?
What is the number of artists for each gender ?
How many artists are male and how many are female ?
What is the average rating of songs for each language ?
What is the average song rating for each language ?
Return the gender and name of artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution .
What is the gender and name of the artist who sang the song with the smallest resolution ?
For each file format , return the number of artists who released songs in that format .
How many songs were released for each format ?
Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English .
What are the different names for all songs that have a higher resolution than English songs ?
What are the names of all songs that have a lower rating than some song of blues genre ?
What are the names of the songs that have a lower rating than at least one blues song ?
What is the name and country of origin of the artist who released a song that has `` love '' in its title ?
What are the names of the artists who released a song that has the word love in its title , and where are the artists from ?
List the name and gender for all artists who released songs in March .
What are the names and genders of all artists who released songs in the month of March ?
List the names of all genres in alphabetical oder , together with its ratings .
What are the names of all genres in alphabetical order , combined with its ratings ?
Give me a list of the names of all songs ordered by their resolution .
What are the names of all songs that are ordered by their resolution numbers ?
What are the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720 ?
What are the ids of all songs that are available on mp4 or have a higher resolution than 720 ?
List the names of all songs that have 4 minute duration or are in English .
What are the names of all songs that are approximately 4 minutes long or are in English ?
What is the language used most often in the songs ?
What are the languages that are used most often in songs ?
What is the language that was used most often in songs with resolution above 500 ?
What is the name of the artist , for each language , that has the most songs with a higher resolution than 500 ?
What are the names of artists who are Male and are from UK ?
What are the names of all male British artists ?
Find the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English .
What are the names of the songs that are modern or sung in English ?
Return the names of songs for which format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 .
What are the names of all songs that are in mp3 format and have a resolution lower than 1000 ?
Return the names of singers who are from UK and released an English song .
What are the names of all singers that are from the UK and released a song in English ?
What are the average rating and resolution of songs that are in Bangla ?
What is the average rating and resolution of all bangla songs ?
What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration is 3 minutes ?
What is the maximum and minimum resolution of all songs that are approximately 3 minutes long ?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages ?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of all songs , for each language , ordered alphabetically by language ?
What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre ?
What is the shortest and most poorly rated song for each genre , ordered alphabetically by genre ?
Find the names and number of works of all artists who have at least one English songs .
What are the names and number of works for all artists who have sung at least one song in English ?
Find the name and country of origin for all artists who have release at least one song of resolution above 900 .
What is the name and country of origin for each artist who has released a song with a resolution higher than 900 ?
Find the names and number of works of the three artists who have produced the most songs .
What are the names of the three artists who have produced the most songs , and how many works did they produce ?
Find the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs ?
What country is the artist who made the fewest songs from ?
What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English ?
What are the song names for every song whose rating is less than the minimum rating for English songs ?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8 ?
What is the id of every song that has a resolution higher than that of a song with a rating below 8 ?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the average resolution of songs in modern genre ?
What are the ids of all songs that have higher resolution of the average resolution in the modern genre ?
Find the top 3 artists who have the largest number of songs works whose language is Bangla .
What are the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs in the language Bangla ?
List the id , genre and artist name of English songs ordered by rating .
What is the id , genre , and name of the artist for every English song ordered by ascending rating ?
List the duration , file size and format of songs whose genre is pop , ordered by title ?
What is the duration , file size , and song format for every pop song , ordered by title alphabetically ?
Find the names of the artists who have produced English songs but have never received rating higher than 8 .
What are the names of the different artists that have produced a song in English but have never receieved a rating higher than 8 ?
Find the names of the artists who are from Bangladesh and have never received rating higher than 7 .
What are the names of the different artists from Bangladesh who never received a rating higher than a 7 ?
what is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players ?
Find the full name and id of the college that has the most baseball players .
What is average salary of the players in the team named 'Boston Red Stockings ' ?
Compute the average salary of the players in the team called 'Boston Red Stockings ' .
What are first and last names of players participating in all star game in 1998 ?
List the first and last name for players who participated in all star game in 1998 .
What are the first name , last name and id of the player with the most all star game experiences ? Also list the count .
Which player has the most all star game experiences ? Give me the first name , last name and id of the player , as well as the number of times the player participated in all star game .
How many players enter hall of fame each year ?
Count the number of players who enter hall of fame for each year .
What is the average number of attendance at home games for each year ?
For each year , return the year and the average number of attendance at home games .
In 2014 , what are the id and rank of the team that has the largest average number of attendance ?
Find the id and rank of the team that has the highest average attendance rate in 2014 .
What are the manager 's first name , last name and id who won the most manager award ?
Which manager won the most manager award ? Give me the manager 's first name , last name and id .
How many parks are there in the state of NY ?
Show me the number of parks the state of NY has .
Which 3 players won the most player awards ? List their full name and id .
Find the first name , last name and id for the top three players won the most player awards .
List three countries which are the origins of the least players .
What are the three countries that the least players are from ?
Find all the players ' first name and last name who have empty death record .
What are the first name and last name of the players whose death record is empty ?
How many players born in USA are right-handed batters ? That is , have the batter value 'R ' .
Count the number of players who were born in USA and have bats information 'R ' .
What is the average height of the players from the college named 'Yale University ' ?
Find the average height of the players who belong to the college called 'Yale University ' .
What is the highest salary among each team ? List the team name , id and maximum salary .
For each team , return the team name , id and the maximum salary among the team .
What are the name and id of the team offering the lowest average salary ?
Which team offers the lowest average salary ? Give me the name and id of the team .
Find the players ' first name and last name who won award both in 1960 and in 1961 .
Which players won awards in both 1960 and 1961 ? Return their first names and last names .
List players ' first name and last name who have weight greater than 220 or height shorter than 75 .
What are the first name and last name of the players who have weight above 220 or height below 75 ?
List the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason ?
What are the maximum scores the team Boston Red Stockings got when the team won in postseason ?
How many times did Boston Red Stockings lose in 2009 postseason ?
Count the number of times the team `` Boston Red Stockings '' lost in 2009 postseason .
What are the name and id of the team with the most victories in 2008 postseason ?
Find the name and id of the team that won the most times in 2008 postseason .
What is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history ?
For each year , return the year and the number of times the team Boston Red Stockings won in the postseasons .
What is the total number of postseason games that team Boston Red Stockings participated in ?
How many times in total did the team Boston Red Stockings participate in postseason games ?
How many games in 1885 postseason resulted in ties ( that is , the value of `` ties '' is '1 ' ) ?
Find the number of tied games ( the value of `` ties '' is '1 ' ) in 1885 postseason .
What is the total salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings in 2010 ?
What is the total salary expenses of team Boston Red Stockings in 2010 ?
How many players were in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2000 ?
How many players did Boston Red Stockings have in 2000 ?
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001 ?
How much salary did the top 3 well-paid players get in 2001 ?
What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001 ?
List all the salary values players received in 2010 and 2001 .
In which year did the least people enter hall of fame ?
Find the year in which the least people enter hall of fame .
How many parks are there in Atlanta city ?
How many parks does Atlanta city have ?
How many games were played in park `` Columbia Park '' in 1907 ?
Count the number of games taken place in park `` Columbia Park '' in 1907 .
How many games were played in city Atlanta in 2000 ?
Find the number of games taken place in city Atlanta in 2000 .
What is the total home game attendance of team Boston Red Stockings from 2000 to 2010 ?
How many games in total did team Boston Red Stockings attend from 2000 to 2010 ?
How much did the the player with first name Len and last name Barker earn between 1985 to 1990 in total ?
Compute the total salary that the player with first name Len and last name Barker received between 1985 to 1990 .
List players ' first name and last name who received salary from team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007 .
What are the first name and last name of the players who were paid salary by team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007 ?
How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total ?
Count the total number of games the team Boston Red Stockings attended from 1990 to 2000 .
Which team had the least number of attendances in home games in 1980 ?
Find the team that attended the least number of home games in 1980 .
List the names of states that have more than 2 parks .
Which states have more than 2 parks ?
How many team franchises are active , with active value 'Y ' ?
Find the number of team franchises that are active ( have 'Y ' as `` active '' information ) .
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks ?
Find all the cities that have 2 to 4 parks .
Which park had most attendances in 2008 ?
Which park did the most people attend in 2008 ?
How many camera lenses have a focal length longer than 15 mm ?
Find the brand and name for each camera lens , and sort in descending order of maximum aperture .
List the id , color scheme , and name for all the photos .
What are the maximum and average height of the mountains ?
What are the average prominence of the mountains in country 'Morocco ' ?
What are the name , height and prominence of mountains which do not belong to the range 'Aberdare Range ' ?
What are the id and name of the photos for mountains ?
What are the id and name of the mountains that have at least 2 photos ?
What are the names of the cameras that have taken picture of the most mountains ?
What are the names of photos taken with the lens brand 'Sigma ' or 'Olympus ' ?
How many different kinds of lens brands are there ?
How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos ?
How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountains in the country 'Ethiopia ' ?
List the brands of lenses that took both a picture of mountains with range 'Toubkal Atlas ' and a picture of mountains with range 'Lasta Massif '
Show the name and prominence of the mountains whose picture is not taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma ' .
List the camera lens names containing substring `` Digital '' .
What is the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it ? Order the result by the count of photos .
Find the names of channels that are not owned by CCTV .
Which channels are not owned by CCTV ? Give me the channel names .
List all channel names ordered by their rating in percent from big to small .
Give me a list of all the channel names sorted by the channel rating in descending order .
What is the owner of the channel that has the highest rating ratio ?
Show me the owner of the channel with the highest rating .
how many programs are there ?
Count the number of programs .
list all the names of programs , ordering by launch time .
What is the list of program names , sorted by the order of launch date ?
List the name , origin and owner of each program .
What are the name , origin and owner of each program ?
find the name of the program that was launched most recently .
Which program was launched most recently ? Return the program name .
find the total percentage share of all channels owned by CCTV .
What is the total share ( in percent ) of all the channels owned by CCTV ?
Find the names of the channels that are broadcast in the morning .
Which channels are broadcast in the morning ? Give me the channel names .
what are the names of the channels that broadcast in both morning and night ?
Which channels broadcast both in the morning and at night ? Give me the channel names .
how many programs are broadcast in each time section of the day ?
Count the number of programs broadcast for each time section of a day .
find the number of different programs that are broadcast during night time .
How many distinct programs are broadcast at `` Night '' time ?
Find the names of programs that are never broadcasted in the morning .
Which programs are never broadcasted in the morning ? Give me the names of the programs .
find the program owners that have some programs in both morning and night time .
Who are the owners of the programs that broadcast both in the morning and at night ?
List all program origins in the alphabetical order .
What is the list of program origins ordered alphabetically ?
what is the number of different channel owners ?
Count the number of distinct channel owners .
find the names of programs whose origin is not in Beijing .
Which programs ' origins are not `` Beijing '' ? Give me the program names .
What are the names of the channels owned by CCTV or HBS ?
List the names of all the channels owned by either CCTV or HBS
Find the total rating ratio for each channel owner .
What is the total rating of channel for each channel owner ?
Find the name of the program that is broadcast most frequently .
Which program is broadcast most frequently ? Give me the program name .
How many courses are there in total ?
Find the total number of courses offered .
What are the descriptions of the courses with name `` database '' ?
Return the description for the courses named `` database '' .
What are the addresses of the course authors or tutors with personal name `` Cathrine ''
Return the addresses of the course authors or tutors whose personal name is `` Cathrine '' .
List the addresses of all the course authors or tutors .
What is the address of each course author or tutor ?
List all the login names and family names of course author and tutors .
What are the login names and family names of course author and tutors ?
List all the dates of enrollment and completion of students .
What are all the dates of enrollment and completion in record ?
How many distinct students are enrolled in courses ?
Find the number of distinct students enrolled in courses .
How many distinct courses are enrolled in by students ?
Find the number of distinct courses that have enrolled students .
Find the dates of the tests taken with result `` Pass '' .
Which tests have `` Pass '' results ? Return the dates when the tests were taken .
How many tests have result `` Fail '' ?
Count the number of tests with `` Fail '' result .
What are the login names of the students with family name `` Ward '' ?
Return the login names of the students whose family name is `` Ward '' .
What are the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name `` Jaskolski '' or `` Langosh '' ?
Find the latest logon date of the students whose family name is `` Jaskolski '' or `` Langosh '' .
How many students have personal names that contain the word `` son '' ?
Find the number of students who have the word `` son '' in their personal names .
List all the subject names .
What are the names of all the subjects .
List all the information about course authors and tutors in alphabetical order of the personal name .
Sort the information about course authors and tutors in alphabetical order of the personal name .
List the personal names and family names of all the students in alphabetical order of family name .
What are the personal names and family names of the students ? Sort the result in alphabetical order of the family name .
List each test result and its count in descending order of count .
For each distinct test result , find the number of students who got the result .
Find the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` advanced database '' .
Which course author teaches the `` advanced database '' course ? Give me his or her login name .
Find the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name `` operating system '' or `` data structure '' .
What are the addresses of the course authors who teach either `` operating system '' or `` data structure '' course .
Find the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author that teaches the most courses .
What are the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author who teaches the most courses ?
Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses .
Which course authors teach two or more courses ? Give me their addresses and author IDs .
Find the names of courses taught by the tutor who has personal name `` Julio '' .
What are the names of the courses taught by the tutor whose personal name is `` Julio '' ?
Find the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Computer Science '' .
What are the names and descriptions of the all courses under the `` Computer Science '' subject ?
Find the subject ID , subject name , and the corresponding number of available courses for each subject .
What are the subject ID , subject name , and the number of available courses for each subject ?
Find the subject ID , name of subject and the corresponding number of courses for each subject , and sort by the course count in ascending order .
List the subject ID , name of subject and the number of courses available for each subject in ascending order of the course counts .
What is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ?
Find the the date of enrollment of the `` Spanish '' course .
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ?
Which course is enrolled in by the most students ? Give me the course name .
What are the names of the courses that have exactly 1 student enrollment ?
Find the names of the courses that have just one student enrollment .
What are the descriptions and names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 2 ?
Return the descriptions and names of the courses that have more than two students enrolled in .
What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment ?
List the name and the number of enrolled student for each course .
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result `` Pass '' ?
Find the enrollment date for all the tests that have `` Pass '' result .
What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result `` Fail '' ?
Return the completion date for all the tests that have `` Fail '' result .
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with personal name `` Karson '' .
On what dates did the student whose personal name is `` Karson '' enroll in and complete the courses ?
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name `` Zieme '' and personal name `` Bernie '' .
On what dates did the student with family name `` Zieme '' and personal name `` Bernie '' enroll in and complete the courses ?
Find the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments
What are the student ID and login name of the student who are enrolled in the most courses ?
Find the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments .
Which student are enrolled in at least two courses ? Give me the student ID and personal name .
Find the student ID and middle name for all the students with at most two enrollments .
What are the student IDs and middle names of the students enrolled in at most two courses ?
Find the personal names of students not enrolled in any course .
Which students not enrolled in any course ? Find their personal names .
How many students did not have any course enrollment ?
Count the number of students who did not enroll in any course .
Find the common login name of course authors and students .
What are the login names used both by some course authors and some students ?
Find the common personal name of course authors and students .
What are the personal names used both by some course authors and some students ?
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements or have the maximum claim value ? List the date the claim was made and the claim id .
Find the claims that led to more than two settlements or have the maximum claim value . For each of them , return the date the claim was made and the id of the claim .
Which customer had at least 2 policies but did not file any claims ? List the customer details and id .
Give me the the customer details and id for the customers who had two or more policies but did not file any claims .
List the method , date and amount of all the payments , in ascending order of date .
What are the method , date and amount of each payment ? Sort the list in ascending order of date .
Among all the claims , what is the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount ? List both the settlement amount and claim amount .
Find the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount . Show both the settlement amount and claim amount .
Among all the claims , what is the amount claimed in the claim with the least amount settled ? List both the settlement amount and claim amount .
Find the claimed amount in the claim with the least amount settled . Show both the settlement amount and claim amount .
Among all the claims , which claims have a claimed amount larger than the average ? List the date the claim was made and the date it was settled .
Give me the claim date , settlement date for all the claims whose claimed amount is larger than the average .
Among all the claims , which settlements have a claimed amount that is no more than the average ? List the claim start date .
Return the claim start date for the claims whose claimed amount is no more than the average
How many settlements does each claim correspond to ? List the claim id and the number of settlements .
Find the number of settlements each claim corresponds to . Show the number together with the claim id .
Which claim incurred the most number of settlements ? List the claim id , the date the claim was made , and the number .
Find the claim id and claim date of the claim that incurred the most settlement count . Also tell me the count .
How many settlements were made on the claim with the most recent claim settlement date ? List the number and the claim id .
Find the claim id and the number of settlements made for the claim with the most recent settlement date .
Of all the claims , what was the earliest date when any claim was made ?
Tell me the the date when the first claim was made .
What is the total amount of settlement made for all the settlements ?
Compute the total amount of settlement across all the settlements .
Who are the customers that had more than 1 policy ? List the customer details and id .
Find the the customer details and id for the customers who had more than one policy .
What are the claim dates and settlement dates of all the settlements ?
Tell me the the claim date and settlement date for each settlement case .
What is the most popular payment method ?
Which payment method is used the most often ?
With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed ?
What is the payment method that were used the least often ?
What is the total amount of payment ?
Compute the total amount of payment processed .
What are all the distinct details of the customers ?
Return the distinct customer details .
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ?
Find the policy type the most customers choose .
How many settlements are there in total ?
Count the total number of settlements made .
Which Payments were processed with Visa ? List the payment Id , the date and the amount .
Give me the payment Id , the date and the amount for all the payments processed with Visa .
List the details of the customers who do not have any policies .
Which customers do not have any policies ? Find the details of these customers .
List the date the claim was made , the date it was settled and the amount settled for all the claims which had exactly one settlement .
Which claims had exactly one settlement ? For each , tell me the the date the claim was made , the date it was settled and the amount settled .
Find the total claimed amount of all the claims .
What is total amount claimed summed across all the claims ?
Which department has the largest number of employees ?
Find the department with the most employees .
What is the employee id of the head whose department has the least number of employees ?
Tell me the employee id of the head of the department with the least employees .
what is the name and position of the head whose department has least number of employees ?
Find the name and position of the head of the department with the least employees .
What are names of patients who made an appointment ?
List the names of patients who have made appointments .
what are name and phone number of patients who had more than one appointment ?
Which patients made more than one appointment ? Tell me the name and phone number of these patients .
Find the id of the appointment with the most recent start date ?
What is the id of the appointment that started most recently ?
List the name of physicians who took some appointment .
What are the names of all the physicians who took appointments .
List the name of physicians who never took any appointment .
Which physicians have never taken any appointment ? Find their names .
Find the names of all physicians and their primary affiliated departments ' names .
What are the name and primarily affiliated department name of each physician ?
What is the name of the patient who made the most recent appointment ?
Find the name of the patient who made the appointment with the most recent start date .
How many patients stay in room 112 ?
Count the number of patients who stayed in room 112 .
How many patients ' prescriptions are made by physician John Dorian ?
Find the number of patients ' prescriptions physician John Dorian made .
Find the name of medication used on the patient who stays in room 111 ?
What is the name of the medication used for the patient staying in room 111 ?
Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 111 .
What is the id of the patient who stayed in room 111 most recently ?
What is the name of the nurse has the most appointments ?
Find the name of the nurse who has the largest number of appointments .
How many patients do each physician take care of ? List their names and number of patients they take care of .
Return the name of each physician and the number of patients he or she treats .
Find the name of physicians who are in charge of more than one patient .
Which physicians are in charge of more than one patient ? Give me their names .
Find the number of rooms located on each block floor .
How many rooms does each block floor have ?
Find the number of rooms for different block code ?
How many rooms are located for each block code ?
What are the unique block codes that have available rooms ?
Tell me the distinct block codes where some rooms are available .
How many different types of rooms are there ?
Find the number of distinct room types available .
What is the names of the physicians who prescribe medication Thesisin ?
List the names of all the physicians who prescribe Thesisin as medication .
Find the name and position of physicians who prescribe some medication whose brand is X ?
Which physicians prescribe a medication of brand X ? Tell me the name and position of those physicians .
Find the number of medications prescribed for each brand .
How many medications are prescribed for each brand ?
Find the name of physicians whose position title contains the word 'senior ' .
What are the names of the physicians who have 'senior ' in their titles .
Find the patient who has the most recent undergoing treatment ?
Which patient is undergoing the most recent treatment ?
Find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111 .
What are the names of patients who are staying in room 111 and have an undergoing treatment ?
List the names of all distinct nurses ordered by alphabetical order ?
What is the alphabetically ordered list of all the distinct names of nurses ?
Find the names of nurses who are nursing an undergoing treatment .
Which nurses are in charge of patients undergoing treatments ?
List the names of all distinct medications , ordered in an alphabetical order .
What is the alphabetically ordered list of all distinct medications ?
What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose ?
Find the physician who prescribed the highest dose . What is his or her name ?
List the physicians ' employee ids together with their primary affiliation departments ' ids .
What are each physician 's employee id and department id primarily affiliated .
List the names of departments where some physicians are primarily affiliated with .
What are the names of departments that have primarily affiliated physicians .
What nurses are on call with block floor 1 and block code 1 ? Tell me their names .
Find the ids of the nurses who are on call in block floor 1 and block code 1 .
What are the highest cost , lowest cost and average cost of procedures ?
Tell me the highest , lowest , and average cost of procedures .
List the name and cost of all procedures sorted by the cost from the highest to the lowest .
Sort the list of names and costs of all procedures in the descending order of cost .
Find the three most expensive procedures .
What are the three most costly procedures ?
Find the physicians who are trained in a procedure that costs more than 5000 .
Which physicians are trained in procedures that are more expensive than 5000 ?
Find the physician who was trained in the most expensive procedure ?
Which physician was trained in the procedure that costs the most .
What is the average cost of procedures that physician John Wen was trained in ?
Compute the mean price of procedures physician John Wen was trained in .
Find the names of procedures which physician John Wen was trained in .
What are the names of procedures physician John Wen was trained in ?
Find all procedures which cost more than 1000 or which physician John Wen was trained in .
What are the procedures that cost more than 1000 or are specialized in by physician John Wen ?
Find the names of all procedures which cost more than 1000 but which physician John Wen was not trained in ?
Among the procedures that cost more than 1000 , which were not specialized in by physician John Wen ?
Find the names of all procedures such that the cost is less than 5000 and physician John Wen was trained in .
What procedures cost less than 5000 and have John Wen as a trained physician ?
Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with both Surgery and Psychiatry departments .
Which physicians are affiliated with both Surgery and Psychiatry departments ? Tell me their names .
Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with Surgery or Psychiatry department .
Which physicians are affiliated with either Surgery or Psychiatry department ? Give me their names .
Find the names of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X .
What are the names of patients who are not taking the medication of Procrastin-X .
Find the number of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X .
How many patients are not using Procrastin-X as medication ?
How many appointments are there ?
Count how many appointments have been made in total .
Find the names of nurses who are on call .
What are the distinct names of nurses on call ?
How many ships are there ?
What is the number of ships ?
List the name of ships in ascending order of tonnage .
what are the names of the ships ordered by ascending tonnage ?
What are the type and nationality of ships ?
What are the types and nationalities of every ship ?
List the name of ships whose nationality is not `` United States '' .
What are the names of the ships that are not from the United States ?
Show the name of ships whose nationality is either United States or United Kingdom .
What are the names of the ships that are from either the US or the UK ?
What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage ?
What is the ship with the largest amount of tonnage called ?
Show different types of ships and the number of ships of each type .
For each type , how many ships are there ?
Please show the most common type of ships .
What is the most common type of ships ?
List the nations that have more than two ships .
What are the nations that have more than two ships ?
Show different types of ships and the average tonnage of ships of each type .
For each type , what is the average tonnage ?
Show codes and fates of missions , and names of ships involved .
What are the mission codes , fates , and names of the ships involved ?
Show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928 .
What are the names of ships that were involved in a mission launched after 1928 ?
Show the distinct fate of missions that involve ships with nationality `` United States ''
What are the different fates of the mission that involved ships from the United States ?
List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission
What are the names of the ships that are not involved in any missions ?
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 .
What are the types of the ships that have both shiips with tonnage more than 6000 and those with tonnage less than 4000 ?
Find the number of students in total .
How many students are there ?
Find the last names of students studying in room 111 .
What are the last names of students in room 111 ?
Find the first names of students studying in room 108 .
What are the first names of students in room 108 ?
What are the first names of students studying in room 107 ?
List the first names of all the students in room 107 .
For each classroom report the grade that is taught in it . Report just the classroom number and the grade number .
What are the grade number and classroom number of each class in the list ?
Which grade is studying in classroom 103 ?
Find the grade taught in classroom 103 .
Find the grade studying in room 105 .
Which grade is studying in room 105 ?
Which classrooms are used by grade 4 ?
Find the classrooms in which grade 4 is studying .
Which classrooms are used by grade 5 ?
Show me the classrooms grade 5 is using .
Find the last names of the teachers that teach fifth grade .
what are the last names of the teachers who teach grade 5 ?
Find the first names of the teachers that teach first grade .
What are the first names of the teachers who teach grade 1 ?
Find the first names of all the teachers that teach in classroom 110 .
Which teachers teach in classroom 110 ? Give me their first names .
Find the last names of teachers teaching in classroom 109 .
Which teachers teach in classroom 109 ? Give me their last names .
Report the first name and last name of all the teachers .
What are the first name and last name of all the teachers ?
Report the first name and last name of all the students .
Show each student 's first name and last name .
Find all students taught by OTHA MOYER . Output the first and last names of the students .
Which students study under the teacher named OTHA MOYER ? Give me the first and last names of the students .
Find all students taught by MARROTTE KIRK . Output first and last names of students .
Which are the first and last names of the students taught by MARROTTE KIRK ?
Find the first and last name of all the teachers that teach EVELINA BROMLEY .
Which teachers teach the student named EVELINA BROMLEY ? Give me the first and last name of the teachers .
Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI .
What are the last names of the teachers who teach the student called GELL TAMI ?
How many students does LORIA ONDERSMA teaches ?
Count the number of students the teacher LORIA ONDERSMA teaches .
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches ?
Find the number of students taught by the teacher KAWA GORDON .
Find the number of students taught by TARRING LEIA .
How many students are taught by teacher TARRING LEIA ?
How many teachers does the student named CHRISSY NABOZNY have ?
Find the number of teachers who teach the student called CHRISSY NABOZNY .
How many teachers does the student named MADLOCK RAY have ?
Find the number of teachers who teach the student called MADLOCK RAY .
Find all first-grade students who are NOT taught by OTHA MOYER . Report their first and last names .
What are the first and last names of the first-grade students who are NOT taught by teacher OTHA MOYER ?
Find the last names of the students in third grade that are not taught by COVIN JEROME .
Which students in third grade are not taught by teacher COVIN JEROME ? Give me the last names of the students .
For each grade , report the grade , the number of classrooms in which it is taught and the total number of students in the grade .
For each grade , return the grade number , the number of classrooms used for the grade , and the total number of students enrolled in the grade .
For each classroom , report the classroom number and the number of grades using it .
For each classroom , show the classroom number and count the number of distinct grades that use the room .
Which classroom has the most students ?
Find the classroom that the most students use .
Report the number of students in each classroom .
For each classroom , show the classroom number and find how many students are using it .
For each grade 0 classroom , report the total number of students .
For each grade 0 classroom , return the classroom number and the count of students .
Report the total number of students for each fourth-grade classroom .
For each fourth-grade classroom , show the classroom number and the total number of students using it .
Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students .
Which teacher teaches the most students ? Give me the first name and last name of the teacher .
Find the number of students in one classroom .
How many students does one classroom have ?
How many companies are headquartered in the US ?
List the names of companies by ascending number of sales .
What are the headquarters and industries of all companies ?
Show the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry ?
What is the maximum and minimum market value of companies ?
What is the headquarter of the company with the largest sales ?
Show the different headquarters and number of companies at each headquarter .
Show the most common headquarter for companies .
Show the headquarters that have at least two companies .
Show the headquarters that have both companies in banking industry and companies in oil and gas industry .
Show the names of companies and of employees .
Show names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee .
Show the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200 .
Show the names of companies and the number of employees they have
List the names of people that are not employed by any company
list the names of the companies with more than 200 sales in the descending order of sales and profits .
How many film are there ?
Count the number of films .
List the distinct director of all films .
What are the different film Directors ?
What is the average ticket sales gross in dollars of films ?
Return the average gross sales in dollars across all films .
What are the low and high estimates of film markets ?
Return the low and high estimates for all film markets .
What are the types of film market estimations in year 1995 ?
Return the types of film market estimations in 1995 .
What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets .
Return the maximum and minimum number of cities across all markets .
How many markets have number of cities smaller than 300 ?
Count the number of markets that have a number of cities lower than 300 .
List all countries of markets in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the countries for each market , ordered alphabetically ?
List all countries of markets in descending order of number of cities .
What are the countries for each market ordered by decreasing number of cities ?
Please show the titles of films and the types of market estimations .
What are the titles of films and corresponding types of market estimations ?
Show the distinct director of films with market estimation in the year of 1995 .
Who are the different directors of films which had market estimation in 1995 ?
What is the average number of cities of markets with low film market estimate bigger than 10000 ?
Give the average number of cities within markets that had a low market estimation larger than 10000 ?
Please list the countries and years of film market estimations .
What are the countries of markets and their corresponding years of market estimation ?
Please list the years of film market estimations when the market is in country `` Japan '' in descending order .
What are the years of film market estimation for the market of Japan , ordered by year descending ?
List the studios of each film and the number of films produced by that studio .
How films are produced by each studio ?
List the name of film studio that have the most number of films .
What is the name of teh studio that created the most films ?
List the names of studios that have at least two films .
What are the names of studios that have made two or more films ?
List the title of films that do not have any market estimation .
What are the titles of films that do not have a film market estimation ?
Show the studios that have produced films with director `` Nicholas Meyer '' and `` Walter Hill '' .
What are the names of studios that have produced films with both Nicholas Meyer and Walter Hill ?
Find the titles and studios of the films that are produced by some film studios that contained the word `` Universal '' .
What are the titles and studios of films that have been produced by a studio whose name contains `` Universal '' ?
Show the studios that have not produced films with director `` Walter Hill '' .
Which studios have never worked with the director Walter Hill ?
List the studios which average gross is above 4500000 .
Which studios have an average gross of over 4500000 ?
What is the title of the film that has the highest high market estimation .
Return the title of the film with the highest high estimate ?
What are the titles and directors of the films were never presented in China ?
Return the titles and directors of films that were never in the market of China .
How many calendar items do we have ?
Count the number of all the calendar items .
Show all calendar dates and day Numbers .
What are all the calendar dates and day Numbers ?
Show the number of document types .
How many document types are there ?
List all document type codes and document type names .
What are all the document type codes and document type names ?
What is the name and description for document type code RV ?
Give me the name and description of the document type code RV .
What is the document type code for document type `` Paper '' ?
Find the code of the document type `` Paper '' .
Show the number of documents with document type code CV or BK .
How many documents have document type code CV or BK ?
What is the date when the document `` Marry CV '' was stored ?
When was the document named `` Marry CV '' stored ? Give me the date .
What is the day Number and date of all the documents ?
Return the day Number and stored date for all the documents .
What is the document type name for the document with name `` How to read a book '' ?
Find the document type name of the document named `` How to read a book '' .
Show the number of locations .
How many locations are listed in the database ?
List all location codes and location names .
What are all the location codes and location names ?
What are the name and description for location code x ?
Give me the name and description of the location with code x .
What is the location code for the country `` Canada '' ?
Show the location code of the country `` Canada '' .
How many roles are there ?
Count the total number of roles listed .
List all role codes , role names , and role descriptions .
What are all the role codes , role names , and role descriptions ?
What are the name and description for role code `` MG '' ?
Find the name and description of the role with code `` MG '' .
Show the description for role name `` Proof Reader '' .
What is the description of the role named `` Proof Reader '' ?
How many employees do we have ?
Find the number of employees we have .
Show the name , role code , and date of birth for the employee with name 'Armani ' .
What are the name , role code , and date of birth of the employee named 'Armani ' ?
What is the id for the employee called Ebba ?
Show the id of the employee named Ebba .
Show the names of all the employees with role `` HR '' .
Which employees have the role with code `` HR '' ? Find their names .
Show all role codes and the number of employees in each role .
What is the code of each role and the number of employees in each role ?
What is the role code with the largest number of employees ?
Find the code of the role that have the most employees .
Show all role codes with at least 3 employees .
What are the roles with three or more employees ? Give me the role codes .
Show the role code with the least employees .
What is the role with the smallest number of employees ? Find the role codes .
What is the role name and role description for employee called Ebba ?
Show the name and description of the role played by the employee named Ebba .
Show the names of employees with role name Editor .
Find the names of all the employees whose the role name is `` Editor '' .
Show the employee ids for all employees with role name `` Human Resource '' or `` Manager '' .
What are the employee ids of the employees whose role name is `` Human Resource '' or `` Manager '' ?
What are the different location codes for documents ?
Give me all the distinct location codes for documents .
Show the location name for document `` Robin CV '' .
What is the location name of the document `` Robin CV '' ?
Show the location code , the starting date and ending data in that location for all the documents .
What are each document 's location code , and starting date and ending data in that location ?
What is `` the date in location from '' and `` the date in location to '' for the document with name `` Robin CV '' ?
Find the starting date and ending data in location for the document named `` Robin CV '' .
Show the location codes and the number of documents in each location .
What is the code of each location and the number of documents in that location ?
What is the location code with the most documents ?
Find the code of the location with the largest number of documents .
Show the location codes with at least 3 documents .
What are the codes of the locations with at least three documents ?
Show the location name and code with the least documents .
What are the name and code of the location with the smallest number of documents ?
What are the names of the employees who authorised the destruction and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents ?
List the names of the employees who authorized the destruction of documents and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents .
Show the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee .
What are the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee ?
Show the employee ids and the number of documents destroyed by each employee .
What are the id of each employee and the number of document destroyed by that employee ?
Show the ids of the employees who do n't authorize destruction for any document .
Which employees do not authorize destruction for any document ? Give me their employee ids .
Show the ids of all employees who have authorized destruction .
What are the ids of all the employees who authorize document destruction ?
Show the ids of all employees who have destroyed a document .
What are the ids of all the employees who have destroyed documents ?
Show the ids of all employees who do n't destroy any document .
Which employees do not destroy any document ? Find their employee ids .
Show the ids of all employees who have either destroyed a document or made an authorization to do this .
Which employees have either destroyed a document or made an authorization to do so ? Return their employee ids .
How many clubs are there ?
Count the total number of clubs .
What are the names of all clubs ?
Give me the name of each club .
How many students are there ?
Count the total number of students .
What are the first names of all the students ?
Find each student 's first name .
Find the last names of the members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' .
Who are the members of the club named `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Give me their last names .
Who are the members of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show the last name .
Return the last name for the members of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' .
How many members does the club `` Tennis Club '' has ?
Count the members of the club `` Tennis Club '' .
Find the number of members of club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' .
How many people have membership in the club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' ?
How many clubs does `` Linda Smith '' belong to ?
How many clubs does `` Linda Smith '' have membership for ?
Find the number of clubs where `` Tracy Kim '' is a member .
For how many clubs is `` Tracy Kim '' a member ?
Find all the female members of club `` Bootup Baltimore '' . Show the first name and last name .
Give me the first name and last name for all the female members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' .
Find all the male members of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' . Show the first name and last name .
What are the first name and last name of each male member in club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ?
Find all members of `` Bootup Baltimore '' whose major is `` 600 '' . Show the first name and last name .
Which members of `` Bootup Baltimore '' major in `` 600 '' ? Give me their first names and last names .
Which club has the most members majoring in `` 600 '' ?
Find the club which has the largest number of members majoring in `` 600 '' .
Find the name of the club that has the most female students .
Which club has the most female students as their members ? Give me the name of the club .
What is the description of the club named `` Tennis Club '' ?
Find the description of the club called `` Tennis Club '' .
Find the description of the club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' .
What is the description of the club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' ?
What is the location of the club named `` Tennis Club '' ?
Where us the club named `` Tennis Club '' located ?
Find the location of the club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' .
Where is the club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' located ?
Where is the club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' located ?
Tell me the location of the club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' .
Find the name of all the clubs at `` AKW '' .
Which clubs are located at `` AKW '' ? Return the club names .
How many clubs are located at `` HHH '' ?
Count the number of clubs located at `` HHH '' .
What are the first and last name of the president of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
Who is the president of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Give me the first and last name .
Who is the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show the first name and last name .
Find the first name and last name for the `` CTO '' of the club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ?
How many different roles are there in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
Count the number of different positions in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' .
How many members of `` Bootup Baltimore '' are older than 18 ?
Count the number of members in club `` Bootup Baltimore '' whose age is above 18 .
How many members of club `` Bootup Baltimore '' are younger than 18 ?
Count the number of members in club `` Bootup Baltimore '' whose age is below 18 .
Find the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code `` BAL '' .
Which clubs have one or more members from the city with code `` BAL '' ? Give me the names of the clubs .
Find the names of the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code `` HOU '' .
Which clubs have one or more members from the city with code `` HOU '' ? Give me the names of the clubs .
How many clubs does the student named `` Eric Tai '' belong to ?
Count the number of clubs for which the student named `` Eric Tai '' is a member .
List the clubs having `` Davis Steven '' as a member .
What are the names of the clubs that have `` Davis Steven '' as a member ?
List the clubs that have at least a member with advisor `` 1121 '' .
Which clubs have one or more members whose advisor is `` 1121 '' ?
What is the average age of the members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
Find the average age of the members in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' .
Find the average age of members of the club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' .
On average , how old are the members in the club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ?
Retrieve the average age of members of the club `` Tennis Club '' .
Compute the average age of the members in the club `` Tennis Club '' .
What are the distinct grant amount for the grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27 ' and grant were ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16 ' ?
What are the different grant amounts for documents sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27 ' and after the grant ended on '1989-03-16 18:27:16 ' ?
List the project details of the project both producing patent and paper as outcomes .
What are the details of the project that is producing both patents and papers as outcomes ?
What is the total grant amount of the organisations described as research ?
What is the total amount of grant money for research ?
List from which date and to which date these staff work : project staff of the project which hires the most staffs
From what date and to what date do the staff work on a project that has the most staff and has staff in a leader role ?
Find the organisation ids and details of the organisations which are involved in
What are the ids and details for all organizations that have grants of more than 6000 dollars ?
What is the organisation type and id of the organisation which has the most number of research staff ?
What is the type and id of the organization that has the most research staff ?
Which organisation type hires most research staff ?
What is the type of the organization with the most research staff ?
Find out the send dates of the documents with the grant amount of more than 5000 were granted by organisation type described
What are the send dates for all documents that have a grant amount of more than 5000 and are involved in research ?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' or granted with more than 100 ?
What is the response received date for the document described as Regular that was granted more than 100 dollars ?
List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role .
What are the details for all projects that did not hire any staff in a research role ?
What are the task details , task id and project id for the projects which are detailed as 'omnis ' or have more than 2 outcomes ?
What are the task details , task ids , and project ids for the progrects that are detailed as 'omnis ' or have at least 3 outcomes ?
When do all the researcher role staff start to work , and when do they stop working ?
When did researchers start and stop working ?
How many kinds of roles are there for the staff ?
How many different roles are there on the project staff ?
What is the total amount of grants given by each organisations ? Also list the organisation id .
What is the total amount of grant money given to each organization and what is its id ?
List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with the substring 'Published ' .
What are the details for the project whose research has been published ?
How many staff does each project has ? List the project id and the number in an ascending order .
For each project id , how many staff does it have ? List them in increasing order .
What is the complete description of the researcher role .
What is the complete description of the job of a researcher ?
When did the first staff for the projects started working ?
When did the first staff member start working ?
Which project made the most number of outcomes ? List the project details and the project id .
What are the details and id of the project with the most outcomes ?
Which projects have no outcome ? List the project details .
What are the details of the project with no outcomes ?
Which organisation hired the most number of research staff ? List the organisation id , type and detail .
What are the ids , types , and details of the organization with the most research staff ?
Show the role description and the id of the project staff involved in most number of project outcomes ?
For each staff id , what is the description of the role that is involved with the most number of projects ?
Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial ' ?
What is the type of the document whose description starts with the word 'Initial ' ?
For grants with both documents described as 'Regular ' and documents described as 'Initial Application ' , list its start date .
For grants that have descriptions of Regular and Initial Applications , what are their start dates ?
How many documents can one grant have at most ? List the grant id and number .
For each grant id , how many documents does it have , and which one has the most ?
Find the organisation type description of the organisation detailed as 'quo ' .
What is the type description of the organization whose detail is listed as 'quo ' ?
What are all the details of the organisations described as 'Sponsor ' ? Sort the result in an ascending order .
What are the details of all organizations that are described as Sponsors and sort the results in ascending order ?
How many Patent outcomes are generated from all the projects ?
How many patents outcomes were listed for all the projects ?
How many project staff worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' ?
How many project members were leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' ?
What is the last date of the staff leaving the projects ?
What is the last date that a staff member left a project ?
What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sint ' ?
What is the description for the results whose project detail is 'sint ' ?
List the organisation id with the maximum outcome count , and the count .
What is the id of the organization with the maximum number of outcomes and how many outcomes are there ?
List the project details of the projects launched by the organisation
What are the details for the projects which were launched by the organization with the most projects ?
List the research staff details , and order in ascending order .
What details are there on the research staff ? List the result in ascending alphabetical order .
How many tasks are there in total ?
How many tasks are there ?
How many tasks does each project have ? List the task count and the project detail .
For each project id , how many tasks are there ?
What are the staff roles of the staff who
What roles did staff members play between '2003-04-19 15:06:20 ' and '2016-03-15 00:33:18 ' ?
What are the descriptions of all the project outcomes ?
List the description of the outcomes for all projects .
Which role is most common for the staff ?
What is the most common role for the staff ?
How many friends does Dan have ?
How many friends does Dan have ?
How many females does this network has ?
How many females are in the network ?
What is the average age for all person ?
What is the average age for all people in the table ?
How many different cities are they from ?
How many different cities do people originate from ?
How many type of jobs do they have ?
How many different jobs are listed ?
Who is the oldest person ?
What is the name of the person who is the oldest ?
Who is the oldest person whose job is student ?
What is the name of the oldest student ?
Who is the youngest male ?
What is the name of the youngest male ?
How old is the doctor named Zach ?
What is the age of the doctor named Zach ?
Who is the person whose age is below 30 ?
What is the name of the person whose age is below 30 ?
How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer ?
HOw many engineers are older than 30 ?
What is the average age for each gender ?
How old is each gender , on average ?
What is average age for different job title ?
How old is the average person for each job ?
What is average age of male for different job title ?
What is the average age for a male in each job ?
What is minimum age for different job title ?
How old is the youngest person for each job ?
Find the number of people who is under 40 for each gender .
How many people are under 40 for each gender ?
Find the name of people whose age is greater than any engineer sorted by their age .
What is the name of all the people who are older than at least one engineer ? Order them by age .
Find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers .
How many people are older than every engineer ?
list the name , job title of all people ordered by their names .
What are the names and job titles of every person ordered alphabetically by name ?
Find the names of all person sorted in the descending order using age .
What are the names of everybody sorted by age in descending order ?
Find the name and age of all males in order of their age .
What is the name and age of every male ? Order the results by age .
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice .
What are the names and ages of every person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice ?
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of Dan or Alice .
What are the different names and ages of every friend of either Dan or alice ?
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 ?
What are the names of every person who has a friend over 40 and under 30 ?
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 but not under age 30 ?
What are the names of the people who are older 40 but no friends under age 30 ?
Find the name of the person who has no student friends .
What are the names of the people who have no friends who are students ?
Find the person who has exactly one friend .
What are the names of everybody who has exactly one friend ?
Who are the friends of Bob ?
Who are Bob 's friends ?
Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob .
What are the names of all of Bob 's friends ?
Find the names of females who are friends with Zach
What are the names of all females who are friends with Zach ?
Find the female friends of Alice .
What are all the friends of Alice who are female ?
Find the male friend of Alice whose job is a doctor ?
Who are the friends of Alice that are doctors ?
Who has a friend that is from new york city ?
What are the names of all friends who are from New York ?
Who has friends that are younger than the average age ?
What are the different names of friends who are younger than the average age for a friend ?
Who has friends that are older than the average age ? Print their friends and their ages as well
Whare the names , friends , and ages of all people who are older than the average age of a person ?
Who is the friend of Zach with longest year relationship ?
Which friend of Zach has the longest-lasting friendship ?
What is the age of the friend of Zach with longest year relationship ?
What are the ages of all of Zach 's friends who are in the longest relationship ?
Find the name of persons who are friends with Alice for the shortest years .
What are the names of all people who are friends with Alice for the shortest amount of time ?
Find the name , age , and job title of persons who are friends with Alice for the longest years .
What are the names , ages , and jobs of all people who are friends with Alice for the longest amount of time ?
Who is the person that has no friend ?
What are the names of all people who do not have friends ?
Which person whose friends have the oldest average age ?
What is the name of the person who has the oldest average age for their friends , and what is that average age ?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin .
What is the total number of people who have no friends living in Austin ?
Find Alice 's friends of friends .
What are the names of all of Alice 's friends of friends ?
How many members are there ?
List the names of members in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the names and countries of members ?
Show the names of members whose country is `` United States '' or `` Canada '' .
Show the different countries and the number of members from each .
Show the most common country across members .
Which countries have more than two members ?
Show the leader names and locations of colleges .
Show the names of members and names of colleges they go to .
Show the names of members and the locations of colleges they go to in ascending alphabetical order of member names .
Show the distinct leader names of colleges associated with members from country `` Canada '' .
Show the names of members and the decoration themes they have .
Show the names of members that have a rank in round higher than 3 .
Show the names of members in ascending order of their rank in rounds .
List the names of members who did not participate in any round .
Find the name and access counts of all documents , in alphabetic order of the document name .
What are the names of all the documents , as well as the access counts of each , ordered alphabetically ?
Find the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times , as well as the count of how many times it has been accessed ?
What is the name of the document which has been accessed the most times , as well as the number of times it has been accessed ?
Find the types of documents with more than 4 documents .
What are the codes of types of documents of which there are for or more ?
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type .
What is the total access count of documents that are of the most common document type ?
What is the average access count of documents ?
Find the average access count across all documents ?
What is the structure of the document with the least number of accesses ?
Return the structure description of the document that has been accessed the fewest number of times .
What is the type of the document named `` David CV '' ?
Return the type code of the document named `` David CV '' .
Find the list of documents that are both in the most three popular type and have the most three popular structure .
What are the names of documents that have both one of the three most common types and one of three most common structures ?
What document types do have more than 10000 total access number .
Return the codes of the document types that do not have a total access count of over 10000 .
What are all the section titles of the document named `` David CV '' ?
Give the section titles of the document with the name `` David CV '' .
Find all the name of documents without any sections .
What are the names of documents that do not have any sections ?
List all the username and passwords of users with the most popular role .
What are the usernames and passwords of users that have the most common role ?
Find the average access counts of documents with functional area `` Acknowledgement '' .
What are the average access counts of documents that have the functional area description `` Acknowledgement '' ?
Find names of the document without any images .
What are the names of documents that do not have any images ?
What is the name of the document with the most number of sections ?
Return the name of the document that has the most sections .
List all the document names which contains `` CV '' .
What are the names of documents that contain the substring `` CV '' ?
How many users are logged in ?
Count the number of users that are logged in .
Find the description of the most popular role among the users that have logged in .
What is the description of the most popular role among users that have logged in ?
Find the average access count of documents with the least popular structure .
What is the average access count of documents that have the least common structure ?
List all the image name and URLs in the order of their names .
What are the names and urls of images , sorted alphabetically ?
Find the number of users in each role .
What are the different role codes for users , and how many users have each ?
What document types have more than 2 corresponding documents ?
Give the codes of document types that have more than 2 corresponding documents .
How many companies are there ?
Count the number of companies .
List the names of companies in descending order of market value .
Sort the company names in descending order of the company 's market value .
What are the names of companies whose headquarters are not `` USA '' ?
Find the names of the companies whose headquarters are not located in `` USA '' .
What are the name and assets of each company , sorted in ascending order of company name ?
List the name and assets of each company in ascending order of company name .
What are the average profits of companies ?
Compute the average profits companies make .
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not `` Banking '' .
Find the maximum and minimum sales of the companies that are not in the `` Banking '' industry .
How many different industries are the companies in ?
Count the number of distinct company industries .
List the names of buildings in descending order of building height .
What are the names of buildings sorted in descending order of building height ?
Find the stories of the building with the largest height .
What is the stories of highest building ?
List the name of a building along with the name of a company whose office is in the building .
For each company , return the company name and the name of the building its office is located in .
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices .
Which buildings have more than one company offices ? Give me the building names .
Show the name of the building that has the most company offices .
Which building has the largest number of company offices ? Give me the building name .
Please show the names of the buildings whose status is `` on-hold '' , in ascending order of stories .
Find the names of the buildings in `` on-hold '' status , and sort them in ascending order of building stories .
Please show each industry and the corresponding number of companies in that industry .
Whah are the name of each industry and the number of companies in that industry ?
Please show the industries of companies in descending order of the number of companies .
Sort all the industries in descending order of the count of companies in each industry
List the industry shared by the most companies .
Which industry has the most companies ?
List the names of buildings that have no company office .
Which buildings do not have any company office ? Give me the building names .
Show the industries shared by companies whose headquarters are `` USA '' and companies whose headquarters are `` China '' .
Which industries have both companies with headquarter in `` USA '' and companies with headquarter in `` China '' ?
Find the number of companies whose industry is `` Banking '' or `` Conglomerate '' ,
How many companies are in either `` Banking '' industry or `` Conglomerate '' industry ?
Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies .
Which headquarter locations are used by more than 2 companies ?
How many products are there ?
List the name of products in ascending order of price .
What are the names and type codes of products ?
Show the prices of the products named `` Dining '' or `` Trading Policy '' .
What is the average price for products ?
What is the name of the product with the highest price ?
Show different type codes of products and the number of products with each type code .
Show the most common type code across products .
Show the product type codes that have at least two products .
Show the product type codes that have both products with price higher than 4500 and products with price lower than 3000 .
Show the names of products and the number of events they are in .
Show the names of products and the number of events they are in , sorted by the number of events in descending order .
Show the names of products that are in at least two events .
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name .
List the names of products that are not in any event .
How many artworks are there ?
List the name of artworks in ascending alphabetical order .
List the name of artworks whose type is not `` Program Talent Show '' .
What are the names and locations of festivals ?
What are the names of the chairs of festivals , sorted in ascending order of the year held ?
What is the location of the festival with the largest number of audience ?
What are the names of festivals held in year 2007 ?
What is the average number of audience for festivals ?
Show the names of the three most recent festivals .
For each nomination , show the name of the artwork and name of the festival where it is nominated .
Show distinct types of artworks that are nominated in festivals in 2007 .
Show the names of artworks in ascending order of the year they are nominated in .
Show the names of festivals that have nominated artworks of type `` Program Talent Show '' .
Show the ids and names of festivals that have at least two nominations for artworks .
Show the id , name of each festival and the number of artworks it has nominated .
Please show different types of artworks with the corresponding number of artworks of each type .
List the most common type of artworks .
List the year in which there are more than one festivals .
List the name of artworks that are not nominated .
Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010 .
What are the total number of the audiences who visited any of the festivals ?
In which year are there festivals both inside the 'United States ' and outside the 'United States ' ?
How many premises are there ?
What are all the distinct premise types ?
Find the types and details for all premises and order by the premise type .
Show each premise type and the number of premises in that type .
Show all distinct product categories along with the number of mailshots in each category .
Show the name and phone of the customer without any mailshot .
Show the name and phone for customers with a mailshot with outcome code 'No Response ' .
Show the outcome code of mailshots along with the number of mailshots in each outcome code .
Show the names of customers who have at least 2 mailshots with outcome code 'Order ' .
Show the names of customers who have the most mailshots .
What are the name and payment method of customers who have both mailshots in 'Order ' outcome and mailshots in 'No Response ' outcome .
Show the premise type and address type code for all customer addresses .
What are the distinct address type codes for all customer addresses ?
Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status Cancelled or Paid .
Show the names of customers having an order with shipping method FedEx and order status Paid .
How many courses are there in total ?
Count the number of courses .
How many courses have more than 2 credits ?
Count the number of courses with more than 2 credits .
List all names of courses with 1 credit ?
What are the names of courses with 1 credit ?
Which courses are taught on days MTW ?
What are the course names for courses taught on MTW ?
What is the number of departments in Division `` AS '' ?
How many departments are in the division AS ?
What are the phones of departments in Room 268 ?
Give the phones for departments in room 268 .
Find the number of students that have at least one grade `` B '' .
How many students have had at least one `` B '' grade ?
Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade .
What are the maximum and minumum grade points ?
Find the first names of students whose first names contain letter `` a '' .
What are the first names for students who have an `` a '' in their first name ?
Find the first names and last names of male ( sex is M ) faculties who live in building NEB .
What are the full names of faculties with sex M and who live in building NEB ?
Find the rooms of faculties with rank professor who live in building NEB .
What are the rooms for members of the faculty who are professors and who live in building NEB ?
Find the department name that is in Building `` Mergenthaler '' .
What is the name of the department in the Building Mergenthaler ?
List all information about courses sorted by credits in the ascending order .
What is all the information about courses , ordered by credits ascending ?
List the course name of courses sorted by credits .
What are the course names , ordered by credits ?
Find the first name of students in the descending order of age .
What are the first names of students , ordered by age from greatest to least ?
Find the last name of female ( sex is F ) students in the descending order of age .
What are the last names of female students , ordered by age descending ?
Find the last names of faculties in building Barton in alphabetic order .
What are the last names of faculty in building Barton , sorted by last name ?
Find the first names of faculties of rank Professor in alphabetic order .
What are the first names for all faculty professors , ordered by first name ?
Find the name of the department that has the biggest number of students minored in ?
What is the name of the department with the most students minoring in it ?
Find the name of the department that has no students minored in ?
What is the name of the department htat has no students minoring in it ?
Find the name of the department that has the fewest members .
What is the name of the department with the fewest members ?
Find the rank of the faculty that the fewest faculties belong to .
What is the least common faculty rank ?
What are the first and last names of the instructors who teach the top 3 number of courses ?
What are the full names of the 3 instructors who teach the most courses ?
Which building does the instructor who teaches the most number of courses live in ?
Give the building that the instructor who teaches the greatest number of courses lives in .
What are the name of courses that have at least five enrollments ?
Give the names of the courses with at least five enrollments .
Find the first name and last name of the instructor of course that has course name
What is the full name of the instructor who has a course named COMPUTER LITERACY ?
Find the department name and room of the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE .
What are the department name and room for the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE ?
Find the student first and last names and grade points of all enrollments .
What are the full names and gradepoints for all enrollments ?
Find the distinct student first names of all students that have grade point at least 3.8 in one course .
What are the distinct first names for students with a grade point of 3.8 or above in at least one course ?
Find the full names of faculties who are members of department with department number 520 .
What are the full names of faculty members who are a part of department 520 ?
What are the first names and last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 .
What are the full names of students minoring in department 140 ?
Find the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department .
What are the last names of faculty who are part of the computer science department ?
Find the average grade point of student whose last name is Smith .
What is the average gradepoint for students with the last name Smith ?
What is the maximum and minimum grade point of students who live in NYC ?
Give the maximum and minimum gradepoints for students living in NYC ?
Find the names of courses that have either 3 credits or 1 credit but 4 hours .
What are the names of courses that give either 3 credits , or 1 credit and 4 hours ?
Find the names of departments that are either in division AS or in division EN and in Building NEB .
What are the names of departments either in division AS , or in division EN and in building NEB ?
Find the first name of students not enrolled in any course .
What are the first names of all students that are not enrolled in courses ?
What are the ids of the top three products that were purchased in the largest amount ?
Give the ids of the three products purchased in the largest amounts .
What are the product id and product type of the cheapest product ?
Give the id and product type of the product with the lowest price .
Find the number of different product types .
Count the number of distinct product types .
Return the address of customer 10 .
What is the address for the customer with id 10 ?
What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager ?
Return the staff ids and genders for any staff with the title Department Manager .
For each payment method , return how many customers use it .
How many customers use each payment method ?
What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often ?
Give the product id for the product that was ordered most frequently .
What are the name , phone number and email address of the customer who made the largest number of orders ?
Return the name , phone number and email address for the customer with the most orders .
What is the average price for each type of product ?
Return the average price for each product type .
How many department stores does the store chain South have ?
Count the number of stores the chain South has .
What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest ?
Return the name and job title of the staff with the latest date assigned .
Give me the product type , name and price for all the products supplied by supplier id 3 .
Return the product type , name , and price for products supplied by supplier 3 .
Return the distinct name of customers whose order status is Pending , in the order of customer id .
What are the distinct names of customers with an order status of Pending , sorted by customer id ?
Find the name and address of the customers who have both New and Pending orders .
What are the names and addressed of customers who have both New and Pending orders ?
Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products .
What are the ids of products from the supplier with id 2 , which are more expensive than the average price across all products ?
What is the id and name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ?
What are the ids and names of department stores with both marketing and managing departments ?
What are the ids of the two department store chains with the largest number of department stores ?
Return the ids of the two department store chains with the most department stores .
What is the id of the department with the least number of staff ?
Return the id of the department with the fewest staff assignments .
For each product type , return the maximum and minimum price .
What are the maximum and minimum product prices for each product type ?
Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products .
What is the code of the product type with an average price higher than the average price of all products ?
Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period .
What is the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the least amount of time ?
Return the names and ids of all products whose price is between 600 and 700 .
What are the names and ids of products costing between 600 and 700 ?
Find the ids of all distinct customers who made order after some orders that were Cancelled .
What are the distinct ids of customers who made an order after any order that was Cancelled ?
What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than any Clerical Staff ?
Return the id of the staff whose Staff Department Assignment was earlier than that of any Clerical Staff .
What are the names and ids of customers whose address contains TN ?
Return the names and ids of customers who have TN in their address .
Return the name and gender of the staff who was assigned in 2016 .
What are the names and genders of staff who were assigned in 2016 ?
List the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs .
What are the names of staff who have been assigned multiple jobs ?
List the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses .
What are the names and phone numbers for all suppliers , sorted in alphabetical order of their addressed ?
What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers .
Return the phone numbers for all customers and suppliers .
Return the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or supplied more than 80000 .
What are the ids of all products that were either ordered more than 3 times or have a cumulative amount purchased of above 80000 ?
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 or higher than 900 ?
Give the ids and names of products with price lower than 600 or higher than 900 .
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000 .
What are the ids of suppliers which have an average amount purchased of above 50000 or below 30000 ?
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products .
Return the average total amount purchased and total value purchased for the supplier who supplies the greatest number of products .
What is the largest and smallest customer codes ?
Return the maximum and minimum customer codes .
List the names of all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard .
What are the distinct names of customers who have purchased a keyboard ?
List the names and phone numbers of all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans .
What are the distinct names and phone numbers for suppliers who have red jeans ?
What are the highest and lowest prices of products , grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type ?
Give the maximum and minimum product prices for each product type , grouped and ordered by product type .
List the order id , customer id for orders in Cancelled status , ordered by their order dates .
What are the order ids and customer ids for orders that have been Cancelled , sorted by their order dates ?
Find the names of products that were bought by at least two distinct customers .
What are the distinct names of products purchased by at least two different customers ?
Find the names of customers who have bought by at least three distinct products .
What are the distinct names of customers who have purchased at least three different products ?
Find the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff .
What are the names and genders of staff who have held the title Sales Person , but never Clerical Staff ?
Find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment .
What are the ids and names of customers with addressed that contain WY and who do not use a credit card for payment ?
Find the average price of all product clothes .
What is the average price of clothes ?
Find the name of the most expensive hardware product .
What is the name of the hardware product with the greatest price ?
How many aircrafts are there ?
What is the number of aircraft ?
List the description of all aircrafts .
What are the descriptions for the aircrafts ?
What is the average number of international passengers of all airports ?
What is the average number of international passengers for an airport ?
What are the number of international and domestic passengers of the airport named London `` Heathrow '' ?
How many international and domestic passengers are there in the airport London Heathrow ?
What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word `` London '' .
What are the total number of domestic passengers at all London airports ?
What are the maximum and minimum number of transit passengers of all aiports .
What is the maximum and mininum number of transit passengers for all airports ?
What are the name of pilots aged 25 or older ?
what is the name of every pilot who is at least 25 years old ?
List all pilot names in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the names of the pilots in alphabetical order ?
List names of all pilot aged 30 or younger in descending alphabetical order .
What are the names of all pilots 30 years old or young in descending alphabetical order ?
Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name `` London Gatwick '' .
What are the names of all the aircrafts associated with London Gatwick airport ?
Please show the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with airports that have a total number of passengers bigger than 10000000 .
What are the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with an airport that has more total passengers than 10000000 ?
What is the average total number of passengers of airports that are associated with aircraft `` Robinson R-22 '' ?
What is the average total number of passengers for all airports that the aircraft `` Robinson R-22 '' visits ?
Please list the location and the winning aircraft name .
What is the location and name of the winning aircraft ?
List the name of the aircraft that has been named winning aircraft the most number of times .
What is the name of the aircraft that has won an award the most ?
List the names of aircrafts and the number of times it won matches .
For each aircraft that has won an award , what is its name and how many time has it won ?
List names of all pilot in descending order of age .
What are the names of all pilots listed by descending age ?
List the names of aircrafts and that won matches at least twice .
What are the names of all aircrafts that have won a match at least twice ?
List the names of aircrafts and that did not win any match .
What are the names of all aicrafts that have never won any match ?
Show the names of aircrafts that are associated with both an airport named `` London Heathrow '' and an airport named `` London Gatwick ''
What are the names of all aircrafts that are associated with both London Heathrow and Gatwick airports ?
Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers .
What is all the information on the airport with the largest number of international passengers ?
find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilots who are younger than 30 .
What is the name and age of the pilot younger than 30 who has won the most number of times ?
what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot ?
How old is the youngest winning pilot and what is their name ?
find the name of pilots who did not win the matches held in the country of Australia .
What are the names of the pilots that have not won any matches in Australia ?
How many residents does each property have ? List property id and resident count .
What is the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party ' ?
How many services has each resident requested ? List the resident id , details , and the count in descending order of the count .
What is the maximum number that a certain service is provided ? List the service id , details and number .
List the id and type of each thing , and the details of the organization that owns it .
What are the id and details of the customers who have at least 3 events ?
What is each customer 's move in date , and the corresponding customer id and details ?
Which events have the number of notes between one and three ? List the event id and the property id .
What are the distinct id and type of the thing that has the status 'Close ' or has a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21 '
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied ' been located in ?
How many different status codes of things are there ?
Which organizations are not a parent organization of others ? List the organization id .
When is the last day any resident moved in ?
What are the resident details containing the substring 'Miss ' ?
List the customer event id and the corresponding move in date and property id .
How many customers did not have any event ?
What are the distinct move in dates of the residents ?
How many schools are there ?
Count the number of schools .
List the locations of schools in ascending order of enrollment .
What is the list of school locations sorted in ascending order of school enrollment ?
List the locations of schools in descending order of founded year .
What is the list of school locations sorted in descending order of school foundation year ?
What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is not `` Catholic '' ?
List the enrollment for each school that does not have `` Catholic '' as denomination .
What is the average enrollment of schools ?
Take the average of the school enrollment .
What are the teams of the players , sorted in ascending alphabetical order ?
Find the team of each player and sort them in ascending alphabetical order .
How many different positions of players are there ?
Count the number of distinct player positions .
Find the team of the player of the highest age .
Which team has the oldest player ?
List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages .
What are the teams that have the 5 oldest players ?
For each player , show the team and the location of school they belong to .
What are the team and the location of school each player belongs to ?
Show the locations of schools that have more than 1 player .
Which schools have more than 1 player ? Give me the school locations .
Show the denomination of the school that has the most players .
What is the denomination of the school the most players belong to ?
Show locations and nicknames of schools .
What are the location and nickname of each school ?
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools .
For each denomination , return the denomination and the count of schools with that denomination .
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools in descending order .
Order denominations in descending order of the count of schools with the denomination . Return each denomination with the count of schools .
List the school color of the school that has the largest enrollment .
What is the school color of the school with the largest enrollment ?
List the locations of schools that do not have any player .
Which schools do not have any player ? Give me the school locations .
Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
What are the denominations used by both schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900 ?
Show the nicknames of schools that are not in division 1 .
What are the nicknames of schools whose division is not 1 ?
Show the denomination shared by more than one school .
What are the denomination more than one school have ?
Find all the distinct district names ordered by city area in descending .
What are the different district names in order of descending city area ?
Find the list of page size which have more than 3 product listed
What is the maximum page size for everything that has more than 3 products listed ?
Find the name and population of district with population between 200000 and 2000000
What are the district names and city populations for all districts that between 200,000 and 2,000,000 residents ?
Find the name all districts with city area greater than 10 or population larger than 100000
What are the names of all districts with a city area greater than 10 or have more than 100000 people living there ?
Which district has the largest population ?
What is the name of the district with the most residents ?
Which district has the least area ?
What is the name of the district with the smallest area ?
Find the total population of the top 3 districts with the largest area .
What is the total number of residents for the districts with the 3 largest areas ?
Find all types of store and number of them .
For each type of store , how many of them are there ?
Find the names of all stores in Khanewal District .
What are the names of all the stores located in Khanewal District ?
Find all the stores in the district with the most population .
What are the names of all the stores in the largest district by population ?
Which city is the headquarter of the store named `` Blackville '' in ?
What city is the headquarter of the store Blackville ?
Find the number of stores in each city .
How many stores are headquarted in each city ?
Find the city with the most number of stores .
What is the city with the most number of flagship stores ?
What is the average pages per minute color ?
What is the average number of pages per minute color ?
What products are available at store named `` Miramichi '' ?
What products are sold at the store named Miramichi ?
Find products with max page size as `` A4 '' and pages per minute color smaller than 5 .
What are the products with the maximum page size A4 that also have a pages per minute color smaller than 5 ?
Find products with max page size as `` A4 '' or pages per minute color smaller than 5 .
What are the products with the maximum page size eqal to A4 or a pages per minute color less than 5 ?
Find all the product whose name contains the word `` Scanner '' .
What are all of the products whose name includes the substring `` Scanner '' ?
Find the most prominent max page size among all the products .
What is the most common maximum page size ?
Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size .
What are the names of all products that are not the most frequently-used maximum page size ?
Find the total population of the districts where the area is bigger than the average city area .
What is the total population for all the districts that have an area larger tahn the average city area ?
Find the names of districts where have both city mall and village store type stores .
What are the names of the districts that have both mall and village store style shops ?
What is the total enrollment number of all colleges ?
How many students are enrolled in college ?
What is the average enrollment number ?
How many students , on average , does each college have enrolled ?
How many colleges in total ?
How many different colleges are there ?
How many players have more than 1000 hours of training ?
How many different players trained for more than 1000 hours ?
How many colleges has more than 15000 students ?
What is the number of colleges with a student population greater than 15000 ?
What is the average training hours of all players ?
How many hours do the players train on average ?
Find the name and training hours of players whose hours are below 1500 .
What are the names and number of hours spent training for each player who trains for less than 1500 hours ?
How many different colleges do attend the tryout test ?
How many different colleges were represented at tryouts ?
What are the unique types of player positions in the tryout ?
What are the different types of player positions ?
How many students got accepted after the tryout ?
How many students received a yes from tryouts ?
How many students whose are playing the role of goalie ?
What is the number of students playing as a goalie ?
Find the max , average and min training hours of all players .
What is the average , maximum , and minimum for the number of hours spent training ?
What is average enrollment of colleges in the state FL ?
What is average number of students enrolled in Florida colleges ?
What are the names of players whose training hours is between 500 and 1500 ?
What are the names of players who train between 500 and 1500 hours ?
Find the players whose names contain letter 'a ' .
Who are the players that have names containing the letter a ?
Find the name , enrollment of the colleges whose size is bigger than 10000 and location is in state LA .
What are the names and enrollment numbers for colleges that have more than 10000 enrolled and are located in Louisiana ?
List all information about college sorted by enrollment number in the ascending order .
What information do you have on colleges sorted by increasing enrollment numbers ?
List the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater 18000 sorted by the college 's name .
What is the name of every college in alphabetical order that has more than 18000 students enrolled ?
Find the name of players whose card is yes in the descending order of training hours .
What are the name of the players who received a card in descending order of the hours of training ?
Find the name of different colleges involved in the tryout in alphabetical order .
What are the different names of the colleges involved in the tryout in alphabetical order ?
Which position is most popular among players in the tryout ?
What was the most popular position at tryouts ?
Find the number of students who participate in the tryout for each college ordered by descending count .
How many students participated in tryouts for each college by descennding count ?
What is minimum hours of the students playing in different position ?
For each position , what is the minimum time students spent practicing ?
What are the names of schools with the top 3 largest size ?
What are the names of the schools with the top 3 largest class sizes ?
What is the name of school that has the smallest enrollment in each state ?
What is the name of the school with smallest enrollment size per state ?
Find the states where have some college students in tryout .
What are the different states that have students trying out ?
Find the states where have some college students in tryout and their decisions are yes .
What are the different states that had students successfully try out ?
Find the name and college of students whose decisions are yes in the tryout .
What are the names of all the players who received a yes during tryouts , and also what are the names of their colleges ?
Find the name of all students who were in the tryout sorted in alphabetic order .
What are the names of all students who tried out in alphabetical order ?
Find the name and hours of the students whose tryout decision is yes .
What are the names and hours spent practicing of every student who received a yes at tryouts ?
Find the states of the colleges that have students in the tryout who played in striker position .
What are the states of the colleges where students who tried out for the striker position attend ?
Find the names of the students who are in the position of striker and got a yes tryout decision .
What are the names of all students who successfully tried out for the position of striker ?
Find the state of the college which player Charles is attending .
In which state is the college that Charles attends ?
Find the average and maximum hours for the students whose tryout decision is yes .
What is the average and maximum number of hours students who made the team practiced ?
Find the average hours for the students whose tryout decision is no .
What is the average number of hours spent practicing for students who got rejected ?
What is the maximum training hours for the students whose training hours is greater than 1000 in different positions ?
For each position , what is the maximum number of hours for students who spent more than 1000 hours training ?
Which colleges do the tryout players whose name starts with letter D go to ?
Which colleges does each player with a name that starts with the letter D who tried out go to ?
Which college has any student who is a goalie and succeeded in the tryout .
What college has a student who successfully made the team in the role of a goalie ?
Find the name of the tryout players who are from the college with largest size .
What are the names of all tryout participants who are from the largest college ?
What is the state and enrollment of the colleges where have any students who got accepted in the tryout decision .
How many students are enrolled in colleges that have student accepted during tryouts , and in which states are those colleges ?
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment .
What are the names of colleges in LA that have more than 15,000 students and of colleges in AZ with less than 13,000 students ?
Find the names of schools that have some students playing in goalie and mid positions .
What are the names of all schools that have students trying out for the position of goal and 'mid'-field .
Find the names of states that have some college students playing in goalie and mid positions .
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the positions of goalie and mid-field ?
How many schools have some students playing in goalie and mid positions .
How many schools have students playing in goalie and mid-field positions ?
Find the names of schools that have some players in the mid position but not in the goalie position .
What are the names of the schools with some players in the mid position but no goalies ?
Find the names of states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position .
What are the names of all the states with college students playing in the mid position but no goalies ?
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position .
What is the count of states with college students playing in the mid position but not as goalies ?
Find the states where have the colleges whose enrollments are less than the largest size .
What are the states with colleges that have enrollments less than the some other college ?
Find names of colleges with enrollment greater than that of some ( at least one ) college in the FL state .
What are the names of the colleges that are larger than at least one college in Florida ?
Find names of all colleges whose enrollment is greater than that of all colleges in the FL state .
What are the names of all colleges with a larger enrollment than the largest college in Florida ?
What is the total number of enrollment of schools that do not have any goalie player ?
What is the total number of students enrolled in schools without any goalies ?
What is the number of states that has some college whose enrollment is larger than the average enrollment ?
How many states have a college with more students than average ?
What is the number of states that has some colleges whose enrollment is smaller than the average enrollment ?
How many states have smaller colleges than average ?
How many devices are there ?
Count the number of devices .
List the carriers of devices in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the different carriers for devices , listed in alphabetical order ?
What are the carriers of devices whose software platforms are not `` Android '' ?
Return the device carriers that do not have Android as their software platform .
What are the names of shops in ascending order of open year ?
Return the names of shops , ordered by year of opening ascending .
What is the average quantity of stocks ?
Give the average quantity of stocks .
What are the names and location of the shops in ascending alphabetical order of name .
Return the names and locations of shops , ordered by name in alphabetical order .
How many different software platforms are there for devices ?
Count the number of different software platforms .
List the open date of open year of the shop named `` Apple '' .
What are the open dates and years for the shop named Apple ?
List the name of the shop with the latest open year .
What is the shop name corresponding to the shop that opened in the most recent year ?
Show names of shops and the carriers of devices they have in stock .
What are the names of device shops , and what are the carriers that they carry devices in stock for ?
Show names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock .
What are the names of shops that have more than a single kind of device in stock ?
Show the name of the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock .
What is the name of the shop that has the most different kinds of devices in stock ?
Show the name of the shop that have the largest quantity of devices in stock .
What is the name of the shop that has the greatest quantity of devices in stock ?
Please show different software platforms and the corresponding number of devices using each .
What are the different software platforms for devices , and how many devices have each ?
Please show the software platforms of devices in descending order of the count .
What are the different software platforms for devices , ordered by frequency descending ?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices .
What is the software platform that is most common amongst all devices ?
List the names of shops that have no devices in stock .
What are the names of shops that do not have any devices in stock ?
Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008 .
Which locations contains both shops that opened after the year 2012 and shops that opened before 2008 ?
List the carriers of devices that have no devices in stock .
What are the carriers of devices that are not in stock anywhere ?
Show the carriers of devices in stock at more than one shop .
What are the carriers of devices that are in stock in more than a single shop ?
How many bookings do we have ?
Count the total number of bookings made .
List the order dates of all the bookings .
What is the order date of each booking ?
Show all the planned delivery dates and actual delivery dates of bookings .
What are the planned delivery date and actual delivery date for each booking ?
How many customers do we have ?
Count the number of customers recorded .
What are the phone and email for customer Harold ?
Find the phone number and email address of customer `` Harold '' .
Show all the Store_Name of drama workshop groups .
What are the store names of drama workshop groups ?
Show the minimum , average , maximum order quantity of all invoices .
What are the minimum , average , and maximum quantities ordered ? Check all the invoices .
What are the distinct payment method codes in all the invoices ?
Show me the distinct payment method codes from the invoice record .
What is the description of the marketing region China ?
Find the marketing region description of China ?
Show all the distinct product names with price higher than the average .
What are the distinct names of the products that cost more than the average ?
What is the name of the most expensive product ?
Tell me the name of the most pricy product .
List all product names in ascending order of price .
Sort the names of products in ascending order of their price .
What is the phone number of the performer Ashley ?
Find the phone number of performer `` Ashley '' .
Show all payment method codes and the number of orders for each code .
List the distinct payment method codes with the number of orders made
What is the payment method code used by the most orders ?
Find the payment method that is used the most often in all the invoices . Give me its code .
Which city is the address of the store named `` FJA Filming '' located in ?
Find the city the store named `` FJA Filming '' is in .
What are the states or counties of the address of the stores with marketing region code `` CA '' ?
Find the states or counties where the stores with marketing region code `` CA '' are located .
What is the name of the marketing region that the store Rob Dinning belongs to ?
Return the name of the marketing region the store Rob Dinning is located in .
What are the descriptions of the service types with product price above 100 ?
Give me the descriptions of the service types that cost more than 100 .
What is the description , code and the corresponding count of each service type ?
List the description , code and the number of services for each service type .
What is the description and code of the type of service that is performed the most often ?
Find the description and code of the service type that is performed the most times .
What are the phones and emails of workshop groups in which services are performed ?
Give me all the phone numbers and email addresses of the workshop groups where services are performed .
What are the names of workshop groups in which services with product name `` film '' are performed ?
Find the names of the workshop groups where services with product name `` film '' are performed .
What are the different product names ? What is the average product price for each of them ?
For each distinct product name , show its average product price .
What are the product names with average product price smaller than 1000000 ?
Find the product names whose average product price is below 1000000 .
What are the total order quantities of photo products ?
Compute the total order quantities of the product `` photo '' .
What are the order details of the products with price higher than 2000 ?
Find the order detail for the products with price above 2000 .
What are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1 ?
List the actual delivery date for all the orders with quantity 1
What are the order dates of orders with price higher than 1000 ?
Find the order dates of the orders with price above 1000 .
How many distinct currency codes are there for all drama workshop groups ?
Find the number of distinct currency codes used in drama workshop groups .
What are the names of the drama workshop groups with address in Feliciaberg city ?
Return the the names of the drama workshop groups that are located in Feliciaberg city .
What are the email addresses of the drama workshop groups with address in Alaska state ?
List the email addresses of the drama workshop groups located in Alaska state .
Show all cities along with the number of drama workshop groups in each city .
How many drama workshop groups are there in each city ? Return both the city and the count .
What is the marketing region code that has the most drama workshop groups ?
Which marketing region has the most drama workshop groups ? Give me the region code .
Show all cities where at least one customer lives in but no performer lives in .
Which cities have at least one customer but no performer ?
What is the most frequent status of bookings ?
Which status code is the most common of all the bookings ?
What are the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' ?
Which workshop groups have bookings with status code `` stop '' ? Give me the names .
Show the names of all the clients with no booking .
What are the names of the clients who do not have any booking ?
What is the average quantities ordered with payment method code `` MasterCard '' on invoices ?
Check the invoices record and compute the average quantities ordered with the payment method `` MasterCard '' .
What is the product ID of the most frequently ordered item on invoices ?
Find the id of the product ordered the most often on invoices .
What is the description of the service type which offers both the photo product and the film product ?
Give me the description of the service type that offers not only the photo product but also the film product .
How many bands are there ?
Find the number of bands .
What are all the labels ?
What are the different album labels listed ?
Find all the albums in 2012 .
return all columns of the albums created in the year of 2012 .
Find all the stage positions of the musicians with first name `` Solveig ''
What are the different stage positions for all musicians whose first name is `` Solveig '' ?
How many songs are there ?
Count the number of songs .
Find all the songs performed by artist with last name `` Heilo ''
What are the names of the songs by the artist whose last name is `` Heilo '' ?
Hom many musicians performed in the song `` Flash '' ?
How many musicians play in the song `` Flash '' ?
Find all the songs produced by artists with first name `` Marianne '' .
What are the names of all songs produced by the artist with the first name `` Marianne '' ?
Who performed the song named `` Badlands '' ? Show the first name and the last name .
What are the first and last names of the artist who perfomed the song `` Badlands '' ?
Who is performing in the back stage position for the song `` Badlands '' ? Show the first name and the last name .
What are the first and last names of the performer who was in the back stage position for the song `` Badlands '' ?
How many unique labels are there for albums ?
What are the unique labels for the albums ?
What is the label that has the most albums ?
What is the label with the most albums ?
What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most number of songs ?
What is the last name of the musician who was in the most songs ?
What is the last name of the musician that has been at the back position the most ?
What is the last name of the musicians who has played back position the most ?
Find all the songs whose name contains the word `` the '' .
What are the names of the songs whose title has the word `` the '' ?
What are all the instruments used ?
What are the different instruments listed in the database ?
What instrument did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use in the song `` Le Pop '' ?
What instruments did the musician with the last name `` Heilo '' play in the song `` Le Pop '' ?
What is the most used instrument ?
What instrument is used the most ?
How many songs have used the instrument `` drums '' ?
How many songs use drums as an instrument ?
What instruments does the the song `` Le Pop '' use ?
What are the instruments are used in the song `` Le Pop '' ?
How many instruments does the song `` Le Pop '' use ?
How many different instruments are used in the song `` Le Pop '' ?
How many instrument does the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use ?
How many different instruments does the musician with the last name `` Heilo '' use ?
Find all the instruments ever used by the musician with last name `` Heilo '' ?
What are all the instruments used by the musician with the last name `` Heilo '' ?
Which song has the most vocals ?
What is the song with the most vocals ?
Which vocal type is the most frequently appearring type ?
What is the type of vocables that appears most frequently ?
Which vocal type has the band mate with last name `` Heilo '' played the most ?
What is the type of vocals that the band member with the last name `` Heilo '' played the most ?
What are the vocal types used in song `` Le Pop '' ?
What are the types of vocals used in the song `` Le Pop '' ?
Find the number of vocal types used in song `` Demon Kitty Rag '' ?
What are the types of vocals used in the song `` Demon Kitty Rag '' ?
How many songs have a lead vocal ?
How many songs have vocals of type lead ?
Which vocal type did the musician with first name `` Solveig '' played in the song with title `` A Bar in Amsterdam '' ?
What are the types of vocals that the musician with the first name `` Solveig '' played in the song `` A Bar in Amsterdam '' ?
Find all the songs that do not have a lead vocal .
What are the names of the songs without a lead vocal ?
Find all the vocal types .
What are the different types of vocals ?
What are the albums produced in year 2010 ?
What information is there on albums from 2010 ?
Who performed the song named `` Le Pop '' ?
What is the first and last name of artist who performed `` Le Pop '' ?
What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most songs ?
What is the last name of the artist who sang the most songs ?
What instrument did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use in the song `` Badlands '' ?
What instruments did the musician with the last name `` Heilo '' play in `` Badlands '' ?
How many instruments does the song `` Badlands '' use ?
How many different instruments are used in the song `` Badlands '' ?
What are the vocal types used in song `` Badlands '' ?
What types of vocals are used in the song `` Badlands '' ?
Find the number of vocal types used in song `` Le Pop ''
How many vocal types are used in the song `` Le Pop '' ?
How many songs have a shared vocal ?
How many different songs have shared vocals ?
Find all the songs that do not have a back vocal .
What are the different names of all songs without back vocals ?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name `` Solveig '' played the most ?
What are the types of vocals that the band member with the first name `` Solveig '' played the most ?
Which vocal type did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' played in the song with title `` Der Kapitan '' ?
What are the types of vocals that the musician with the last name `` Heilo '' played in `` Der Kapitan '' ?
Find the first name of the band mate that has performed in most songs .
What is the first name of the band mate who perfomed in the most songs ?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name `` Marianne '' played the most ?
What is the vocal type of the band mate whose first name is `` Marianne '' played the most ?
Who is performing in the back stage position for the song `` Der Kapitan '' ? Show the first name and last name .
What is the first and last name of the artist who performed back stage for the song `` Der Kapitan '' ?
Find the name of songs that does not have a back vocal .
What are the names of the songs that do not have back vocals ?
What are the songs in album `` A Kiss Before You Go : Live in Hamburg '' ?
What are the song titles on the album `` A Kiss Before You Go : Live in Hamburg '' ?
What are all the songs in albums under label `` Universal Music Group '' ?
What are the names of all the songs whose album is under the label of `` Universal Music Group '' ?
Find the number of songs in all the studio albums .
How many songs appear in studio albums ?
Who is the founder of Sony ?
Return the founder of Sony .
Where is the headquarter of the company founded by James ?
What is the headquarter of the company whose founder is James ?
Find all manufacturers ' names and their headquarters , sorted by the ones with highest revenue first .
What are the names and headquarters of all manufacturers , ordered by revenue descending ?
What are the average , maximum and total revenues of all companies ?
Return the average , maximum , and total revenues across all manufacturers .
How many companies were created by Andy ?
Return the number of companies created by Andy .
Find the total revenue created by the companies whose headquarter is located at Austin .
What is the sum of revenue from companies with headquarters in Austin ?
What are the different cities listed ?
Give the distinct headquarters of manufacturers .
Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing .
How many manufacturers have headquarters in either Tokyo or Beijing ?
Find the founder of the company whose name begins with the letter 'S ' .
Who is the founders of companies whose first letter is S ?
Find the name of companies whose revenue is between 100 and 150 .
What are the names of companies with revenue between 100 and 150 ?
What is the total revenue of all companies whose main office is at Tokyo or Taiwan ?
Return the total revenue of companies with headquarters in Tokyo or Taiwan .
Find the name of product that is produced by both companies Creative Labs and Sony .
What are the names of products produced by both Creative Labs and Sony ?
Find the name , headquarter and founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue .
What are the names , headquarters and founders of the company with the highest revenue ?
Find the name , headquarter and revenue of all manufacturers sorted by their revenue in the descending order .
What are the names , headquarters and revenues for manufacturers , sorted by revenue descending ?
Find the name of companies whose revenue is greater than the average revenue of all companies .
What are the names of manufacturers with revenue greater than the average of all revenues ?
Find the name of companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin .
What are the names of companies with revenue less than the lowest revenue of any manufacturer in Austin ?
Find the total revenue of companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of some companies based in Austin .
What is the total revenue of companies with revenue greater than the lowest revenue of any manufacturer in Austin ?
Find the total revenue of companies of each founder .
What is the total revenue of companies started by founder ?
Find the name and revenue of the company that earns the highest revenue in each city .
What are the names and revenues of the companies with the highest revenues in each headquarter city ?
Find the total revenue for each manufacturer .
What is the total revenue of each manufacturer ?
Find the average prices of all products from each manufacture , and list each company 's name .
What are the average prices of products for each manufacturer ?
Find the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities .
How many different products are produced in each headquarter city ?
Find number of products which Sony does not make .
How many products are not made by Sony ?
Find the name of companies that do not make DVD drive .
What are the names of companies that do not make DVD drives ?
Find the number of products for each manufacturer , showing the name of each company .
How many products are there for each manufacturer ?
Select the names of all the products in the store .
What are the names of all products ?
Select the names and the prices of all the products in the store .
What are the names and prices of all products in the store ?
Select the name of the products with a price less than or equal to $ 200 .
What are the names of products with price at most 200 ?
Find all information of all the products with a price between $ 60 and $ 120 .
What is all the information of all the products that have a price between 60 and 120 ?
Compute the average price of all the products .
What is the average price across all products ?
Compute the average price of all products with manufacturer code equal to 2 .
What is the average price of products with manufacturer codes equal to 2 ?
Compute the number of products with a price larger than or equal to $ 180 .
How many products have prices of at least 180 ?
Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to $ 180 , and sort first by price ( in descending order ) , and then by name ( in ascending order ) .
What are the names and prices of products that cost at least 180 , sorted by price decreasing and name ascending ?
Select all the data from the products and each product 's manufacturer .
What is all the product data , as well as each product 's manufacturer ?
Select the average price of each manufacturer 's products , showing only the manufacturer 's code .
What are the average prices of products , grouped by manufacturer code ?
Select the average price of each manufacturer 's products , showing the manufacturer 's name .
What are the average prices of products , grouped by manufacturer name ?
Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $ 150 .
What are the names and average prices of products for manufacturers whose products cost on average 150 or more ?
Select the name and price of the cheapest product .
What is the name and price of the cheapest product ?
Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product .
For each manufacturer name , what are the names and prices of their most expensive product ?
Select the code of the product that is cheapest in each product category .
What are the codes and names of the cheapest products in each category ?
What is the id of the problem log that is created most recently ?
Which problem log was created most recently ? Give me the log id .
What is the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id ?
Find the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id .
Find all the ids and dates of the logs for the problem whose id is 10 .
For the problem with id 10 , return the ids and dates of its problem logs .
List all the log ids and their descriptions from the problem logs .
What are the log id and entry description of each problem ?
List the first and last names of all distinct staff members who are assigned to the problem whose id is 1 .
Which staff members are assigned to the problem with id 1 ? Give me their first and last names .
List the problem id and log id which are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick .
Which problem id and log id are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick ?
How many problems are there for product voluptatem ?
How many problems did the product called `` voluptatem '' have in record ?
How many problems does the product with the most problems have ? List the number of the problems and product name .
Which product has the most problems ? Give me the number of problems and the product name .
Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop .
Which problems are reported by the staff with first name `` Christop '' ? Show the descriptions of the problems .
Find the ids of the problems that are reported by the staff whose last name is Bosco .
Which problems are reported by the staff with last name `` Bosco '' ? Show the ids of the problems .
What are the ids of the problems which are reported after 1978-06-26 ?
Find the ids of the problems reported after 1978-06-26 .
What are the ids of the problems which are reported before 1978-06-26 ?
Which problems are reported before 1978-06-26 ? Give me the ids of the problems .
For each product which has problems , what are the number of problems and the product id ?
For each product with some problems , list the count of problems and the product id .
For each product that has problems , find the number of problems reported after 1986-11-13 and the product id ?
What are the products that have problems reported after 1986-11-13 ? Give me the product id and the count of problems reported after 1986-11-13 .
List the names of all the distinct product names in alphabetical order ?
Sort all the distinct product names in alphabetical order .
List all the distinct product names ordered by product id ?
What is the list of distinct product names sorted by product id ?
What are the id of problems reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber ?
Which problems were reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber ? Give me the ids of the problems .
What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst ?
For which product was there a problem reported by Christop Berge , with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst ? Return the product ids .
What are the ids of the problems reported before the date of any problem reported by Lysanne Turcotte ?
Which problems were reported before the date of any problem reported by the staff Lysanne Turcotte ? Give me the ids of the problems .
What are the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by Rylan Homenick ?
Find the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by the staff Rylan Homenick .
Find the top 3 products which have the largest number of problems ?
What are the three products that have the most problems ? s
List the ids of the problems from the product `` voluptatem '' that are reported after 1995 ?
What are the ids of the problems that are from the product `` voluptatem '' and are reported after 1995 ?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ?
Which staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ? Give me their first and last names .
Find the products which have problems reported by both Lacey Bosco and Kenton Champlin ?
Which products have problems reported by both the staff named Lacey Bosco and the staff named Kenton Champlin ?
How many branches where have more than average number of memberships are there ?
What is the number of branches that have more than the average number of memberships ?
Show name , address road , and city for all branches sorted by open year .
What are the names , address roads , and cities of the branches ordered by opening year ?
What are names for top three branches with most number of membership ?
What are the names for the 3 branches that have the most memberships ?
Show all distinct city where branches with at least 100 memberships are located .
What are the different cities that have more than 100 memberships ?
List all open years when at least two shops are opened .
What are the opening years in which at least two shops opened ?
Show minimum and maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city London .
What are the minimum and maximum membership amounts for all branches that either opened in 2011 or are located in London ?
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city .
For each city , how many branches opened before 2010 ?
How many different levels do members have ?
What are the different membership levels ?
Show card number , name , and hometown for all members in a descending order of level .
What are the card numbers , names , and hometowns of every member ordered by descending level ?
Show the membership level with most number of members .
What is the membership level with the most people ?
Show all member names and registered branch names sorted by register year .
What are the names of the members and branches at which they are registered sorted by year of registration ?
Show all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015 .
For each branch id , what are the names of the branches that were registered after 2015 ?
Show member names without any registered branch .
What are the names of the members that have never registered at any branch ?
List the branch name and city without any registered members .
What are the names and cities of the branches that do not have any registered members ?
What is the name and open year for the branch with most number of memberships registered in 2016 ?
What is the name and opening year for the branch that registered the most members in 2016 ?
Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016 .
What are the member names and hometowns of those who registered at a branch in 2016 ?
Show all city with a branch opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 membership .
What are the cities that have a branch that opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 members ?
Show all cities without a branch having more than 100 memberships .
What are the cities that do not have any branches with more than 100 members ?
What is the sum of total pounds of purchase in year 2018 for all branches in London ?
How many total pounds were purchased in the year 2018 at all London branches ?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6 ?
What are the total purchases for members rated at level 6 ?
Find the name of branches where have some members whose hometown is in Louisville , Kentucky and some in Hiram , Georgia .
What are the names of the branches that have some members with a hometown in Louisville , Kentucky and also those from Hiram , Goergia ?
list the card number of all members whose hometown address includes word `` Kentucky '' .
What are the card numbers of members from Kentucky ?
Find the number of students in total .
How many students are there in total ?
Find the number of voting records in total .
How many voting records do we have ?
Find the distinct number of president votes .
How many distinct president votes are recorded ?
Find the maximum age of all the students .
What is the oldest age among the students ?
Find the last names of students with major 50 .
What are the last names of students studying major 50 ?
Find the first names of students with age above 22 .
What are the first names of all the students aged above 22 ?
What are the majors of male ( sex is M ) students ?
List the major of each male student .
What is the average age of female ( sex is F ) students ?
Find the average age of female students .
What are the maximum and minimum age of students with major 600 ?
Tell me the ages of the oldest and youngest students studying major 600 .
Who are the advisors for students that live in a city with city code `` BAL '' ?
Show the advisors of the students whose city of residence has city code `` BAL '' .
What are the distinct secretary votes in the fall election cycle ?
Return all the distinct secretary votes made in the fall election cycle .
What are the distinct president votes on 08/30/2015 ?
Show all the distinct president votes made on 08/30/2015 .
Report the distinct registration date and the election cycle .
What are the distinct registration dates and the election cycles ?
Report the distinct president vote and the vice president vote .
List all the distinct president votes and the vice president votes .
Find the distinct last names of the students who have class president votes .
What are the distinct last names of the students who have class president votes ?
Find the distinct first names of the students who have class senator votes .
What are the distinct first names of the students who have class president votes ?
Find the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle .
What are the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle ?
Find the distinct Advisor of students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle .
Who served as an advisor for students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle ?
Find the distinct majors of students who have treasurer votes .
What are the distinct majors that students with treasurer votes are studying ?
Find the first and last names of all the female ( sex is F ) students who have president votes .
What are the first and last names of all the female students who have president votes ?
Find the first and last name of all the students of age 18 who have vice president votes .
What are the first names and last names of the students who are 18 years old and have vice president votes .
How many male ( sex is M ) students have class senator votes in the fall election cycle ?
Count the number of male students who had class senator votes in the fall election cycle .
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC and who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle .
Which students live in the city with code `` NYC '' and have class senator votes in the spring election cycle ? Count the numbers .
Find the average age of students who live in the city with code `` NYC '' and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle .
What is the average age of students who have city code `` NYC '' and have secretary votes for the spring election cycle ?
Find the average age of female ( sex is F ) students who have secretary votes in the spring election cycle .
What is the average age of the female students with secretary votes in the spring election cycle ?
Find the distinct first names of all the students who have vice president votes and whose city code is not PIT .
What are the distinct first names of the students who have vice president votes and reside in a city whose city code is not PIT ?
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is not 2192 .
What are the distinct last names of the students who have president votes but do not have 2192 as the advisor ?
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741 .
What are the distinct last names of the students who have president votes and have 8741 as the advisor ?
For each advisor , report the total number of students advised by him or her .
How many students does each advisor have ?
Report all advisors that advise more than 2 students .
Which advisors have more than two students ?
Report all majors that have less than 3 students .
What are the majors only less than three students are studying ?
For each election cycle , report the number of voting records .
Count the number of voting records for each election cycle .
Which major has the most students ?
Find the major that is studied by the largest number of students .
What is the most common major among female ( sex is F ) students ?
Find the major that is studied by the most female students .
What is the city_code of the city that the most students live in ?
Return the code of the city that has the most students .
Report the distinct advisors who have more than 2 students .
Which advisors are advising more than 2 students ?
How many products are there ?
Count the number of products .
How many colors are there ?
Count the number of colors .
How many characteristics are there ?
Count the number of characteristics .
What are the names and buying prices of all the products ?
Return the names and typical buying prices for all products .
List the description of all the colors .
What are the descriptions for each color ?
Find the names of all the product characteristics .
What are the different names of the product characteristics ?
What are the names of products with category `` Spices '' ?
Return the names of products in the category 'Spices ' .
List the names , color descriptions and product descriptions of products with category `` Herbs '' .
What are the names , color descriptions , and product descriptions for products in the 'Herbs ' category ?
How many products are there under the category `` Seeds '' ?
Count the number of products in the category 'Seeds ' .
Find the number of products with category `` Spices '' and typically sold above 1000 .
How many products are in the 'Spices ' category and have a typical price of over 1000 ?
What is the category and typical buying price of the product with name `` cumin '' ?
Return the category code and typical price of 'cumin ' .
Which category does the product named `` flax '' belong to ?
What is the code of the category that the product with the name 'flax ' belongs to ?
What is the name of the product with the color description 'yellow ' ?
Give the name of the products that have a color description 'yellow ' .
Find the category descriptions of the products whose descriptions include letter 't ' .
What are the descriptions of the categories that products with product descriptions that contain the letter t are in ?
What is the color description of the product with name `` catnip '' ?
Give the color description for the product 'catnip ' .
What is the color code and description of the product named `` chervil '' ?
Return the color code and description for the product with the name 'chervil ' .
Find the id and color description of the products with at least 2 characteristics .
What are the product ids and color descriptions for products with two or more characteristics ?
List all the product names with the color description `` white '' .
What are the names of products with 'white ' as their color description ?
What are the name and typical buying and selling prices of the products that have color described as `` yellow '' ?
Return the names and typical buying and selling prices for products that have 'yellow ' as their color description .
How many characteristics does the product named `` sesame '' have ?
Count the number of characteristics the product 'sesame ' has .
How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` cumin '' have ?
Count the number of different characteristic names the product 'cumin ' has .
What are all the characteristic names of product `` sesame '' ?
Return the characteristic names of the 'sesame ' product .
List all the characteristic names and data types of product `` cumin '' .
What are the names and data types of the characteristics of the 'cumin ' product ?
List all characteristics of product named `` sesame '' with type code `` Grade '' .
What are the names of the characteristics of the product 'sesame ' that have the characteristic type code 'Grade ' ?
How many characteristics does the product named `` laurel '' have ?
Count the number of characteristics of the product named 'laurel ' .
Find the number of characteristics that the product `` flax '' has .
Count the number of characteristics of the 'flax ' product .
Find the name of the products that have the color description `` red '' and have the characteristic name `` fast '' .
What are the names of the products that have a color description of 'red ' and the 'fast ' characteristic ?
How many products have the characteristic named `` hot '' ?
Count the number of products with the 'hot ' charactersitic .
List the all the distinct names of the products with the characteristic name 'warm ' .
What are the different product names for products that have the 'warm ' characteristic : ?
Find the number of the products that have their color described as `` red '' and have a characteristic named `` slow '' .
How many products have the color description 'red ' and the characteristic name 'slow ' ?
Count the products that have the color description `` white '' or have the characteristic name `` hot '' .
How many products have their color described as 'white ' or have a characteristic with the name 'hot ' ?
What is the unit of measuerment of the product category code `` Herbs '' ?
Return the unit of measure for 'Herb ' products .
Find the product category description of the product category with code `` Spices '' .
What is the description of the product category with the code 'Spices ' ?
What is the product category description and unit of measurement of category `` Herbs '' ?
Return the description and unit of measurement for products in the 'Herbs ' category .
What is the unit of measurement of product named `` cumin '' ?
Give the unit of measure for the product with the name 'cumin ' .
Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named `` chervil '' .
What are the unit of measure and category code for the 'chervil ' product ?
Find the product names that are colored 'white ' but do not have unit of measurement `` Handful '' .
What are the names of products that are not 'white ' in color and are not measured by the unit 'Handful ' ?
What is the description of the color for most products ?
Return the color description that is most common across all products .
What is the description of the color used by least products ?
Give the color description that is least common across products .
What is the characteristic name used by most number of the products ?
Return the name of the characteristic that is most common across all products .
What are the names , details and data types of the characteristics which are never used by any product ?
Give the names , details , and data types of characteristics that are not found in any product .
What are characteristic names used at least twice across all products ?
Give the names of characteristics that are in two or more products ?
How many colors are never used by any product ?
Count the number of colors that are not used in any products .
How many events are there ?
List all the event names by year from the most recent to the oldest .
What is the name of the event that happened in the most recent year ?
How many stadiums are there ?
Find the name of the stadium that has the maximum capacity .
Find the names of stadiums whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity .
Find the country that has the most stadiums .
Which country has at most 3 stadiums listed ?
Which country has both stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 and stadiums with capacity less than 50000 ?
How many cities have a stadium that was opened before the year of 2006 ?
How many stadiums does each country have ?
Which countries do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006 ?
How many stadiums are not in country `` Russia '' ?
Find the names of all swimmers , sorted by their 100 meter scores in ascending order .
How many different countries are all the swimmers from ?
List countries that have more than one swimmer .
Find all 200 meter and 300 meter results of swimmers with nationality `` Australia '' .
Find the names of swimmers who has a result of `` win '' .
What is the name of the stadium which held the most events ?
Find the name and capacity of the stadium where the event named `` World Junior '' happened .
Find the names of stadiums which have never had any event .
Find the name of the swimmer who has the most records .
Find the name of the swimmer who has at least 2 records .
Find the name and nationality of the swimmer who has won ( i.e. , has a result of `` win '' ) more than 1 time .
Find the names of the swimmers who have no record .
Find the names of the swimmers who have both `` win '' and `` loss '' results in the record .
Find the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to .
Find the names of stadiums that the most swimmers have been to .
Find all details for each swimmer .
What is the average capacity of the stadiums that were opened in year 2005 ?
How many railways are there ?
List the builders of railways in ascending alphabetical order .
List the wheels and locations of the railways .
What is the maximum level of managers in countries that are not `` Australia '' ?
What is the average age for all managers ?
What are the names of managers in ascending order of level ?
What are the names and arrival times of trains ?
What is the name of the oldest manager ?
Show the names of trains and locations of railways they are in .
Show the builder of railways associated with the trains named `` Andaman Exp '' .
Show id and location of railways that are associated with more than one train .
Show the id and builder of the railway that are associated with the most trains .
Show different builders of railways , along with the corresponding number of railways using each builder .
Show the most common builder of railways .
Show different locations of railways along with the corresponding number of railways at each location .
Show the locations that have more than one railways .
List the object number of railways that do not have any trains .
Show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 and managers of age below 46 .
Show the distinct countries of managers .
Show the working years of managers in descending order of their level .
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46 .
How many addresses are there in country USA ?
Show all distinct cities in the address record .
Show each state and the number of addresses in each state .
Show names and phones of customers who do not have address information .
Show the name of the customer who has the most orders .
Show the product type codes which have at least two products .
Show the names of customers who have both an order in completed status and an order in part status .
Show the name , phone , and payment method code for all customers in descending order of customer number .
Show the product name and total order quantity for each product .
Show the minimum , maximum , average price for all products .
How many products have a price higher than the average ?
Show the customer name , customer address city , date from , and date to for each customer address history .
Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method and have more than 2 orders .
What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity ?
Show the product type and name for the products with price higher than 1000 or lower than 500 .
Find the name of dorms only for female ( F gender ) .
What are the names of the all-female dorms ?
Find the name of dorms that can accommodate more than 300 students .
What are the names of all the dorms that can accomdate more than 300 students ?
How many female students ( sex is F ) whose age is below 25 ?
How many girl students who are younger than 25 ?
Find the first name of students who is older than 20 .
What are the first names of all students who are older than 20 ?
Find the first name of students living in city PHL whose age is between 20 and 25 .
What is the first name of the students who are in age 20 to 25 and living in PHL city ?
How many dorms are there ?
How many dorms are in the database ?
Find the number of distinct amenities .
How many diffrent dorm amenities are there ?
Find the total capacity of all dorms .
What is the total student capacity of all dorms ?
How many students are there ?
How many students exist ?
Find the average age of all students living in the each city .
What is the average age for each city and what are those cities ?
Find the average and total capacity of dorms for the students with gender X .
What is the average and total capacity for all dorms who are of gender X ?
Find the number of dorms that have some amenity .
How many dorms have amenities ?
Find the name of dorms that do not have any amenity
What are the names of all the dorms that do n't have any amenities ?
Find the number of distinct gender for dorms .
How many different genders are there in the dorms ?
Find the capacity and gender type of the dorm whose name has substring ‘Donor’ .
What is the student capacity and type of gender for the dorm whose name as the phrase Donor in it ?
Find the name and gender type of the dorms whose capacity is greater than 300 or less than 100 .
What are the names and types of the dorms that have a capacity greater than 300 or less than 100 ?
Find the numbers of different majors and cities .
How many different majors are there and how many different city codes are there for each student ?
Find the name of dorms which have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities .
What is the name of the dorm with both a TV Lounge and Study Room listed as amenities ?
Find the name of dorms which have TV Lounge but no Study Room as amenity .
What is the name of each dorm that has a TV Lounge but no study rooms ?
Find the last name of students who is either female ( sex is F ) and living in the city of code BAL or male ( sex is M ) and in age of below 20 .
What is the last name of every student who is either female or living in a city with the code BAL or male and under 20 ?
Find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity .
What are the names of the dorm with the largest capacity ?
List in alphabetic order all different amenities .
What are the different dorm amenity names in alphabetical order ?
Find the code of city where most of students are living in .
What is the code of the city with the most students ?
Find the first and last name of students whose age is younger than the average age .
What is the first and last name of all students who are younger than average ?
List the first and last name of students who are not living in the city with code HKG , and sorted the results by their ages .
What are the first and last names of all students who are not living in the city HKG and order the results by age ?
List name of all amenities which Anonymous Donor Hall has , and sort the results in alphabetic order .
What are the amenities in alphabetical order that Anonymous Donor Hall has ?
Find the number of dorms and total capacity for each gender .
How many dorms are there and what is the total capacity for each gender ?
Find the average and oldest age for students with different sex .
What is the average and oldest age for each gender of student ?
Find the number of students in each major .
How many students are there in each major ?
Find the number and average age of students living in each city .
How many students live in each city and what are their average ages ?
Find the average age and number of male students ( with sex M ) from each city .
What is the average age and how many male students are there in each city ?
Find the number of students for the cities where have more than one student .
How many students are from each city , and which cities have more than one cities ?
Find the first and last name of students who are not in the largest major .
What is the first and last name of the students who are not in the largest major ?
Find the number of students whose age is older than the average age for each gender .
How many students are older than average for each gender ?
Find the average age of students living in each dorm and the name of dorm .
What is the average age for each dorm and what are the names of each dorm ?
Find the number of amenities for each of the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students .
For each dorm , how many amenities does it have ?
Find the number of students who is older than 20 in each dorm .
How many students are older than 20 in each dorm ?
Find the first name of students who are living in the Smith Hall .
What are the first names of all students in Smith Hall ?
Find the average age of students who are living in the dorm with the largest capacity .
What is the average age of students who are living in the dorm with the largest capacity ?
Find the total number of students living in the male dorm ( with gender M ) .
What are the total number of students who are living in a male dorm ?
Find the number of female students ( with F sex ) living in Smith Hall
How many female students live in Smith Hall ?
Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have .
What are the names of the amenities that Smith Hall has ?
Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have . ordered the results by amenity names .
What amenities does Smith Hall have in alphabetical order ?
Find the name of amenity that is most common in all dorms .
What is the most common amenity in the dorms ?
Find the first name of students who are living in the dorm that has most number of amenities .
What are the first names of all students who live in the dorm with the most amenities ?
Find the name and capacity of the dorm with least number of amenities .
What is the name and capacity of the dorm with the fewest amount of amenities ?
Find the name of dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge .
What are the names of the dorm that does not have a TV Lounge ?
Find the first and last name of students who are living in the dorms that have amenity TV Lounge .
What are the first and last names of all students who are living in a dorm with a TV Lounge ?
Find the first name and age of students who are living in the dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge .
What is the first name and age of every student who lives in a dorm with a TV Lounge ?
Find the name of amenities of the dorm where the student with last name Smith is living in .
What are the amenities in the dorm that a student who has the last name of Smith lives in ?
How many customers are there ?
Count the number of customers .
Find the emails and phone numbers of all the customers , ordered by email address and phone number .
What are the emails and phone numbers of all customers , sorted by email address and phone number ?
Which city has the least number of customers whose type code is `` Good Credit Rating '' ?
Return the city with the customer type code `` Good Credit Rating '' that had the fewest customers .
List the name of all products along with the number of complaints that they have received .
What are all the different product names , and how many complains has each received ?
Find the emails of customers who has filed a complaints of the product with the most complaints .
What are the emails of customers who have filed complaints on the product which has had the greatest number of complaints ?
Which products has been complained by the customer who has filed least amount of complaints ?
Return the names of products that have had complaints filed by the customer who has filed the fewest complaints .
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ?
Return the phone number of the customer who filed the complaint that was raised most recently .
Find the email and phone number of the customers who have never filed a complaint before .
What are the emails and phone numbers of custoemrs who have never filed a complaint ?
Find the phone number of all the customers and staff .
What are the phone numbers of all customers and all staff members ?
What is the description of the product named `` Chocolate '' ?
Return the description of the product called `` Chocolate '' .
Find the name and category of the most expensive product .
What is the name and category code of the product with the highest price ?
Find the prices of products which has never received a single complaint .
What are the prices of products that have never gotten a complaint ?
What is the average price of the products for each category ?
Return the average price of products that have each category code .
Find the last name of the staff member who processed the complaint of the cheapest product .
What is the last name of the staff member in charge of the complaint on the product with the lowest price ?
Which complaint status has more than 3 records on file ?
Return complaint status codes have more than 3 corresponding complaints ?
Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains `` wrau '' .
What are the last names of staff with email addressed containing the substring `` wrau '' ?
How many customers are there in the customer type with the most customers ?
Count the number of customers that have the customer type that is most common .
What is the last name of the staff who has handled the first ever complaint ?
Return the last name of the staff member who handled the complaint with the earliest date raised .
How many distinct complaint type codes are there in the database ?
Count the number of different complaint type codes .
Find the address line 1 and 2 of the customer with email `` vbogisich @ example.org '' .
What are lines 1 and 2 of the addressed of the customer with the email `` vbogisich @ example.org '' ?
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status .
Of complaints with the type code `` Product Failure '' , how many had each different status code ?
What is first names of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints ?
Return the first names of the 5 staff members who have handled the most complaints .
Which state has the most customers ?
Give the state that has the most customers .
How many submissions are there ?
Count the number of submissions .
List the authors of submissions in ascending order of scores .
Find the author for each submission and list them in ascending order of submission score .
What are the authors of submissions and their colleges ?
For each submission , show the author and their affiliated college .
Show the names of authors from college `` Florida '' or `` Temple ''
Which authors with submissions are from college `` Florida '' or `` Temple '' ?
What is the average score of submissions ?
Compute the average score of submissions .
What is the author of the submission with the highest score ?
Find the author who achieved the highest score in a submission .
Show different colleges along with the number of authors of submission from each college .
For each college , return the college name and the count of authors with submissions from that college .
Show the most common college of authors of submissions .
Which college has the most authors with submissions ?
Show the colleges that have both authors with submission score larger than 90 and authors with submission score smaller than 80 .
Which colleges have both authors with submission score above 90 and authors with submission score below 80 ?
Show the authors of submissions and the acceptance results of their submissions .
For each submission , find its author and acceptance result .
Show the result of the submission with the highest score .
Which submission received the highest score in acceptance result . Show me the result .
Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to .
How many workshops did each author submit to ? Return the author name and the number of workshops .
Show the authors who have submissions to more than one workshop .
Which authors have submitted to more than one workshop ?
Show the date and venue of each workshop in ascending alphabetical order of the venue .
Sort the each workshop in alphabetical order of the venue . Return the date and venue of each workshop .
List the authors who do not have submission to any workshop .
Which authors did not submit to any workshop ?
Find the number of investors in total .
Show all investor details .
Show all distinct lot details .
Show the maximum amount of transaction .
Show all date and share count of transactions .
What is the total share of transactions ?
Show all transaction ids with transaction code 'PUR ' .
Show all dates of transactions whose type code is `` SALE '' .
Show the average amount of transactions with type code `` SALE '' .
Show the description of transaction type with code `` PUR '' .
Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' and whose share count is bigger than 50 .
Show the maximum share count of transactions where the amount is smaller than 10000
Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 or the amount is bigger than 1000 .
Show the transaction type descriptions and dates if the share count is smaller than 10 .
Show details of all investors if they make any transaction with share count greater than 100 .
How many distinct transaction types are used in the transactions ?
Return the lot details and investor ids .
Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details `` l '' ?
What are the purchase details of transactions with amount bigger than 10000 ?
What are the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000 ?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50 ?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ?
Show the average transaction amount for different transaction types .
Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types .
Show the average share count of transactions for different investors .
Show the average share count of transactions each each investor , ordered by average share count .
Show the average amount of transactions for different investors .
Show the average amount of transactions for different lots .
Show the average amount of transactions for different lots , ordered by average amount of transactions .
Show the number of transactions with transaction type code `` SALE '' for different investors if it is larger than 0 .
Show the number of transactions for different investors .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most frequently .
Show the description of the transaction type that occurs most frequently .
Show the id and details of the investor that has the largest number of transactions .
Show the id and details for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions .
Show the ids of the investors who have at least two transactions .
Show the ids and details of the investors who have at least two transactions with type code `` SALE '' .
What are the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count or amount bigger than 100 ?
What are the details of all sales and purchases ?
What are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions ?
How many available hotels are there in total ?
Find the total number of available hotels .
What are the price ranges of hotels ?
Tell me the price ranges for all the hotels .
Show all distinct location names .
What are the distinct location names ?
Show the names and details of all the staff members .
What is the name and detail of each staff member ?
Show details of all visitors .
What is the detail of each visitor ?
Show the price ranges of hotels with 5 star ratings .
What are the price ranges of five star hotels ?
Show the average price range of hotels that have 5 star ratings and allow pets .
What is the average price range of five star hotels that allow pets ?
What is the address of the location `` UK Gallery '' ?
Find the address of the location named `` UK Gallery '' .
What is the detail of the location UK Gallery ?
Return the detail of the location named `` UK Gallery '' .
Which location names contain the word `` film '' ?
Find all the locations whose names contain the word `` film '' .
How many distinct names are associated with all the photos ?
Count the number of distinct names associated with the photos .
What are the distinct visit dates ?
Find all the distinct visit dates .
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus ?
Which tourist attractions can we get to by bus ? Tell me the names of the attractions .
What are the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk ?
Find the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that we get to by bus or walk .
What are the star rating descriptions of the hotels with price above 10000 ?
Give me the star rating descriptions of the hotels that cost more than 10000 .
What are the details and opening hours of the museums ?
Give me the detail and opening hour for each museum .
What is the name of the tourist attraction that is associated with the photo `` game1 '' ?
Which tourist attraction is associated with the photo `` game1 '' ? Return its name .
What are the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction `` film festival '' ?
Find the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction called `` film festival '' .
What are the details and ways to get to tourist attractions related to royal family ?
Which tourist attractions are related to royal family ? Tell me their details and how we can get there .
What are the details of the shops that can be accessed by walk ?
Find the details of the shops that can be reached by walk .
What is the name of the staff that is in charge of the attraction named `` US museum '' ?
Tell me the name of the staff in charge of the attraction called `` US museum '' .
What are the details of the markets that can be accessed by walk or bus ?
Find the details of all the markets that are accessible by walk or bus .
What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent ' ?
Find the visit date and details of the tourist whose detail is 'Vincent '
Which tourist attractions does the visitor with detail 'Vincent ' visit ?
Show the tourist attractions visited by the tourist whose detail is 'Vincent ' .
What are the names of the tourist attractions and the dates when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there ?
For each tourist attraction , return its name and the date when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there .
Show the average price of hotels for each star rating code .
What is the average price range of hotels for each each star rating code ?
Show the average price of hotels for different pet policy .
What are the average prices of hotels grouped by their pet policy .
Show the id and star rating of each hotel , ordered by its price from low to high .
Find the id and star rating of each hotel and sort them in increasing order of price .
Show the details of the top 3 most expensive hotels .
What are the details of the three most expensive hotels ?
Show the details and star ratings of the 3 least expensive hotels .
What are the details and star ratings of the three hotels with the lowest price ranges ?
Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions .
Which transportation method is used the most often to get to tourist attractions ?
Show the description and code of the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to .
Which attraction type does the most tourist attractions belong to ? Tell me its attraction type description and code .
Show different ways to get to attractions and the number of attractions that can be accessed in the corresponding way .
List all the possible ways to get to attractions , together with the number of attractions accessible by these methods .
Show different tourist attractions ' names , ids , and the corresponding number of visits .
What are the name , id and the corresponding number of visits for each tourist attraction ?
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at least two times .
Which tourist attractions are visited at least twice ? Give me their names and ids .
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at most once .
What are the names and ids of the tourist attractions that are visited at most once ?
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by walk or is at address 660 Shea Crescent ?
Find the names of the tourist attractions that is either accessible by walk or at address 660 Shea Crescent .
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details ?
Find the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details . What are the names of the attractions ?
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or is at address 254 Ottilie Junction ?
Find the names of the tourist attractions that is either accessible by bus or at address 254 Ottilie Junction .
What are the names of the tourist attractions Vincent and Marcelle visit ?
Which tourist attractions do the tourists Vincent and Marcelle visit ? Tell me the names of the attractions .
What are the names of tourist attraction that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit ?
Find the the names of the tourist attractions that the tourist named Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit .
How many tourists did not make any visit ?
Count the number of tourists who did not visit any place .
How many video games exist ?
How many video games do you have ?
How many video game types exist ?
What is the count of different game types ?
Show all video game types .
What are the different types of video games ?
Show all video games and their types in the order of their names .
What are the names of all the video games and their types in alphabetical order ?
Show all video games with type Collectible card game .
What are the names of all video games that are collectible cards ?
What is the type of video game Call of Destiny .
What type of game is Call of Destiny ?
How many video games have type Massively multiplayer online game ?
Count the number of video games with Massively multiplayer online game type .
Show all video game types and the number of video games in each type .
What are the types of video games and how many are in each type ?
Which game type has most number of games ?
What type has the most games ?
Which game type has least number of games ?
What is the type with the fewest games ?
Show ids for all students who live in CHI .
What are the ids of all students who live in CHI ?
Show ids for all students who have advisor 1121 .
What are the ids of all students who have advisor number 1121 ?
Show first name for all students with major 600 .
What are the first names for all students who are from the major numbered 600 ?
Show the average , minimum , and maximum age for different majors .
What are the average , minimum , and max ages for each of the different majors ?
Show all advisors who have at least two students .
What are the advisors
How many sports do we have ?
How many different types of sports do we offer ?
How many students play sports ?
How many different students are involved in sports ?
List ids for all student who are on scholarship .
What are the ids for all sporty students who are on scholarship ?
Show last names for all student who are on scholarship .
What are the last names for all scholarship students ?
How many games are played for all students ?
What is the total number of games played ?
How many games are played for all football games by students on scholarship ?
What is the total number of all football games played by scholarship students ?
Show all sport name and the number of students .
How many students play each sport ?
Show all student IDs with the number of sports and total number of games played
What are the ids of all students along with how many sports and games did they play ?
Show all student IDs with more than total 10 hours per week on all sports played .
What are the student IDs for everybody who worked for more than 10 hours per week on all sports ?
What is the first name and last name of the student who have most number of sports ?
What is the first and last name of the student who played the most sports ?
Which sport has most number of students on scholarship ?
What is the sport with the most scholarship students ?
Show student ids who do n't have any sports .
What are the ids of all students who do n't play sports ?
Show student ids who are on scholarship and have major 600 .
What are the student ids for those on scholarship in major number 600 ?
Show student ids who are female and play football .
What are the ids of all female students who play football ?
Show all male student ids who do n't play football .
What are the ids of all male students who do not play football ?
Show total hours per week and number of games played for student David Shieber .
What is the total number of hours per work and number of games played by David Shieber ?
Show total hours per week and number of games played for students under 20 .
What is the total number of hours per week and number of games played by students under 20 ?
How many students play video games ?
How many different students play games ?
Show ids of students who do n't play video game .
What are the ids of all students who are not video game players ?
Show ids of students who play video game and play sports .
What are the ids of all students who played video games and sports ?
Show all game ids and the number of hours played .
What are ids and total number of hours played for each game ?
Show all student ids and the number of hours played .
What are the ids of all students and number of hours played ?
Show the game name that has most number of hours played .
What is the name of the game that has been played the most ?
Show all game names played by at least 1000 hours .
What are the names of all the games that have been played for at least 1000 hours ?
Show all game names played by Linda Smith
What are the names of all games played by Linda Smith ?
Find the last and first name of students who are playing Football or Lacrosse .
What is the first and last name of all students who play Football or Lacrosse ?
Find the first name and age of the students who are playing both Football and Lacrosse .
What are the first names and ages of all students who are playing both Football and Lacrosse ?
Find the last name and gender of the students who are playing both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius games .
what is the last name and gender of all students who played both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius ?
Find the name of all customers .
What are the names of all the customers ?
How many customers are there ?
Return the total number of distinct customers .
What is the average amount of items ordered in each order ?
Find the average order quantity per order .
What are the names of customers who use payment method `` Cash '' ?
Which customers use `` Cash '' for payment method ? Return the customer names .
Find the `` date became customers '' of the customers whose ID is between 10 and 20 .
What are the dates when customers with ids between 10 and 20 became customers ?
Which payment method is used by most customers ?
Find the payment method that is used most frequently .
What are the names of customers using the most popular payment method ?
Find the name of the customers who use the most frequently used payment method .
What are all the payment methods ?
Return all the distinct payment methods used by customers .
What are the details of all products ?
Return the the details of all products .
Find the name of all customers whose name contains `` Alex '' .
Which customer 's name contains `` Alex '' ? Find the full name .
Find the detail of products whose detail contains the word `` Latte '' or the word `` Americano ''
Which product 's detail contains the word `` Latte '' or `` Americano '' ? Return the full detail .
What is the address content of the customer named `` Maudie Kertzmann '' ?
Return the address content for the customer whose name is `` Maudie Kertzmann '' .
How many customers are living in city `` Lake Geovannyton '' ?
Find the number of customers who live in the city called Lake Geovannyton .
Find the name of customers who are living in Colorado ?
What are the names of customers who live in Colorado state ?
Find the list of cities that no customer is living in .
What are the cities no customers live in ?
Which city has the most customers living in ?
Find the city where the most customers live .
Retrieve the list of all cities .
List all the distinct cities
Find the city with post code 255 .
Which city is post code 255 located in ?
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4 .
What are the state and country of all the cities that have post codes starting with 4.\
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed .
For which countries are there more than four distinct addresses listed ?
List all the contact channel codes that were used less than 5 times .
Which contact channel codes were used less than 5 times ?
Which contact channel has been used by the customer with name `` Tillman Ernser '' ?
Find the contact channel code that was used by the customer named `` Tillman Ernser '' .
What is the `` active to date '' of the latest contact channel used by `` Tillman Ernser '' ?
Return the the `` active to date '' of the latest contact channel used by the customer named `` Tillman Ernser '' .
What is the average time span of contact channels in the database ?
Compute the average active time span of contact channels .
What is the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel that was active for the longest time ?
Return the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel whose active duration was the longest .
Find the name and active date of the customer that use email as the contact channel .
What are the name and active date of the customers whose contact channel code is email ?
What is the name of the customer that made the order with the largest quantity ?
Find the name of the customer who made the order of the largest amount of goods .
What is the name of the customer that has purchased the most items ?
Give me the name of the customer who ordered the most items in total .
What is the payment method of the customer that has purchased the least quantity of items ?
Tell me the payment method used by the customer who ordered the least amount of goods in total .
How many types of products have Rodrick Heaney bought in total ?
Find the number of distinct products Rodrick Heaney has bought so far .
What is the total quantity of products purchased by `` Rodrick Heaney '' ?
Tell me the total quantity of products bought by the customer called `` Rodrick Heaney '' .
How many customers have at least one order with status `` Cancelled '' ?
Return the number of customers who have at least one order with `` Cancelled '' status .
How many orders have detail `` Second time '' ?
Tell me the number of orders with `` Second time '' as order detail .
Find the customer name and date of the orders that have the status `` Delivered '' .
What are the customer name and date of the orders whose status is `` Delivered '' .
What is the total number of products that are in orders with status `` Cancelled '' ?
Find the total quantity of products associated with the orders in the `` Cancelled '' status .
Find the total amount of products ordered before 2018-03-17 07:13:53 .
What is the total amount of products purchased before 2018-03-17 07:13:53 ?
Who made the latest order ?
Find the name of the customer who made an order most recently .
Which product has been ordered most number of times ?
What is the most frequently ordered product ? Tell me the detail of the product
Find the name and ID of the product whose total order quantity is the largest .
What are the name and ID of the product bought the most .
Find all the addresses in East Julianaside , Texas or in Gleasonmouth , Arizona .
What are all the addresses in East Julianaside , Texas or in Gleasonmouth , Arizona .
Find the name of customers who did not pay with Cash .
What is the name of customers who do not use Cash as payment method .
Find the names of customers who never ordered product Latte .
What are names of customers who never ordered product Latte .
Find the names of customers who never placed an order .
What are the names of customers who never made an order .
Find the names of customers who ordered both products Latte and Americano .
What are the names of customers who have purchased both products Latte and Americano ?
How many artists are there ?
Count the number of artists .
List the age of all music artists .
What are the ages of all music artists ?
What is the average age of all artists ?
Return the average age across all artists .
What are the famous titles of the artist `` Triumfall '' ?
Return the famous titles of the artist called `` Triumfall '' .
What are the distinct Famous release dates ?
Give the distinct famous release dates for all artists .
Return the dates of ceremony and the results of all music festivals
What are the dates of ceremony and results for each music festival ?
What are the category of music festivals with result `` Awarded '' ?
Return the categories of music festivals that have the result `` Awarded '' .
What are the maximum and minimum week on top of all volumes ?
Give the maximum and minimum weeks on top across all volumes .
What are the songs in volumes with more than 1 week on top ?
Give the songs included in volumes that have more than 1 week on top .
Please list all songs in volumes in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the the songs in volumes , listed in ascending order ?
How many distinct artists do the volumes associate to ?
Count the number of distinct artists who have volumes .
Please show the date of ceremony of the volumes that last more than 2 weeks on top .
What are the dates of ceremony at music festivals corresponding to volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top ?
Please show the songs that have result `` nominated '' at music festivals .
What are the songs in volumes that have resulted in a nomination at music festivals ?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist `` Gorgoroth '' ?
Return the issue dates of volumes that are by the artist named Gorgoroth .
What are the songs in volumes associated with the artist aged 32 or older ?
Return names of songs in volumes that are by artists that are at least 32 years old .
What is the average weeks on top of volumes associated with the artist aged 25 or younger ?
Return the average number of weeks on top for volumes by artists that are at most 25 years old .
What are the famous title of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top ?
Return the famous titles for artists that have volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top .
Please list the age and famous title of artists in descending order of age .
What are the famous titles and ages of each artist , listed in descending order by age ?
What is the famous release date of the artist with the oldest age ?
Return the famous release date for the oldest artist .
Please show the categories of the music festivals and the count .
Return the number of music festivals of each category .
What is the most common result of the music festival ?
Return the result that is most frequent at music festivals .
Please show the categories of the music festivals with count more than 1 .
What are the categories of music festivals for which there have been more than 1 music festival ?
What is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top ?
Return the song in the volume that has spent the most weeks on top ?
Find the famous titles of artists that do not have any volume .
What are the famous titles of artists who do not have any volumes ?
Show the famous titles of the artists with both volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top and volumes that lasted less than 2 weeks on top .
What are the famous titles of artists who have not only had volumes that spent more than 2 weeks on top but also volumes that spent less than 2 weeks on top ?
What are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category `` Best Song '' and result `` Awarded '' ?
Return the dates of ceremony corresponding to music festivals that had the category `` Best Song '' and result `` Awarded '' .
What is the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top ?
Return the issue date of the volume that has spent the fewest weeks on top .
How many distinct artists have volumes ?
Count the number of artists who have had volumes .
Please show the results of music festivals and the number of music festivals that have had each , ordered by this count .
How many music festivals have had each kind of result , ordered descending by count ?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger ?
Return the issue dates of volumes by artists who are at most 23 years old ?
How many roller coasters are there ?
List the names of roller coasters by ascending order of length .
What are the lengths and heights of roller coasters ?
List the names of countries whose language is not `` German '' .
Show the statuses of roller coasters longer than 3300 or higher than 100 .
What are the speeds of the longest roller coaster ?
What is the average speed of roller coasters ?
Show the different statuses and the numbers of roller coasters for each status .
Please show the most common status of roller coasters .
List the status shared by more than two roller coaster .
Show the park of the roller coaster with the highest speed .
Show the names of roller coasters and names of country they are in .
Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster .
Show the name and population of the country that has the highest roller coaster .
Show the names of countries and the average speed of roller coasters from each country .
How many countries do not have an roller coaster longer than 3000 ?
What are the country names , area and population which has both roller coasters with speed higher
How many different captain ranks are there ?
Count the number of different ranks of captain .
How many captains are in each rank ?
Count the number of captains that have each rank .
How many captains with younger than 50 are in each rank ?
Count the number of captains younger than 50 of each rank .
Sort all captain names by their ages from old to young .
What are the names of captains , sorted by age descending ?
Find the name , class and rank of all captains .
What are the names , classes , and ranks of all captains ?
Which rank is the most common among captains ?
Return the rank for which there are the fewest captains .
Which classes have more than two captains ?
Give the classes that have more than two captains .
Find the name of captains whose rank are either Midshipman or Lieutenant .
What are the names of captains that have either the rank Midshipman or Lieutenant ?
What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class ?
Return the average and minimum age of captains in each class .
Find the captain rank that has some captains in both Cutter and Armed schooner classes .
What are the ranks of captains that are both in the Cutter and Armed schooner classes ?
Find the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class .
What are the ranks of captains that have no captain that are in the Third-rate ship of the line class ?
What is the name of the youngest captain ?
Return the name of the youngest captain .
how many ships are there ?
Count the number of ships .
Find the name , type , and flag of the ship that is built in the most recent year .
What is the name , type , and flag of the ship that was built in the most recent year ?
Group by ships by flag , and return number of ships that have each flag .
What are the different ship flags , and how many ships have each ?
Which flag is most widely used among all ships ?
Return the flag that is most common among all ships .
List all ship names in the order of built year and class .
What are the names of ships , ordered by year they were built and their class ?
Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags .
What types of ships have both ships that have Panama Flags and Malta flags ?
In which year were most of ships built ?
What is the year in which most ships were built ?
Find the name of the ships that have more than one captain .
What are the names of ships that have more than one captain ?
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet ?
Return the names and classes of ships that do not have a captain ?
Find the name of the ship that is steered by the youngest captain .
What is the name of the ship that is commanded by the youngest captain ?
Find the name and flag of ships that are not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank .
What are the names and flags of ships that do not have a captain with the rank of Midshipman ?
Find the name of the ships that are steered by both a captain with Midshipman rank and a captain with Lieutenant rank .
What are the names of ships that are commanded by both captains with the rank of Midshipman and captains with the rank of Lieutenant ?
What is id of the city that hosted events in the most recent year ?
Find the city that hosted some events in the most recent year . What is the id of this city ?
Find the match ids of the cities that hosted competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' ?
What is the match id of the competition called `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' ?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2010 ?
Which cities served as a host city after 2010 ?
Which city has hosted the most events ?
Find the city that hosted the most events .
What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' hosted by `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' ?
Find the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' which was hosted by `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' .
Give me the temperature of Shanghai in January .
What is the temperature of `` Shanghai '' city in January ?
What is the host year of city `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' ?
IN which year did city `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' serve as a host city ?
Which three cities have the largest regional population ?
What are the three largest cities in terms of regional population ?
Which city has the lowest GDP ? Please list the city name and its GDP .
What is the city with the smallest GDP ? Return the city and its GDP .
Which city has the highest temperature in February ?
In February , which city marks the highest temperature ?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct ?
Which cities ' temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct ?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities ?
Which cities have lower temperature in March than in July and have been once host cities ?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec and which have never been host cities .
Which cities have lower temperature in March than in Dec and have never served as host cities ?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun or cities that were once host cities ?
Which cities have higher temperature in Feb than in Jun or have once served as host cities ?
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 10000000 .
Which cities have regional population above 10000000 ?
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 8000000 or under 5000000 .
Which cities have regional population above 8000000 or below 5000000 ?
Find the number of matches in different competitions .
For each competition , count the number of matches .
List venues of all matches in the order of their dates starting from the most recent one .
What are the venues of all the matches ? Sort them in the descending order of match date .
what is the GDP of the city with the largest population .
Find the GDP of the city with the largest regional population .
What are the GDP and population of the city that already served as a host more than once ?
Which cities have served as host cities more than once ? Return me their GDP and population .
List every individual 's first name , middle name and last name in alphabetical order by last name .
What are the first , middle , and last names of all individuals , ordered by last name ?
List all the types of forms .
What are the different types of forms ?
Find the name of the most popular party form .
What is the name of the party form that is most common ?
Find the payment method and phone of the party with email `` enrico09 @ example.com '' .
What is the payment method code and party phone of the party with the email 'enrico09 @ example.com ' ?
Find the emails of parties with the most popular party form .
What are the party emails associated with parties that used the party form that is the most common ?
List all the name of organizations in order of the date formed .
What are the names of organizations , ordered by the date they were formed , ascending ?
Find the name of the youngest organization .
What is the name of the organization that was formed most recently ?
Find the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization `` Labour Party '' .
What is the last name of the contact individual from the Labour party organization who was contacted most recently ?
Find the last name of the first ever contact person of the organization with the highest UK Vat number .
What is the last name of the first individual contacted from the organization with the maximum UK Vat number across all organizations ?
How many services are there ?
Count the number of services .
Find name of the services that has never been used .
What are the names of the services that have never been used ?
Find the name of all the cities and states .
What are the names of all cities and states ?
How many cities are there in state `` Colorado '' ?
Count the number of cities in the state of Colorado .
Find the payment method code used by more than 3 parties .
What are the payment method codes that have been used by more than 3 parties ?
Find the name of organizations whose names contain `` Party '' .
What are the names of organizations that contain the word `` Party '' ?
How many distinct payment methods are used by parties ?
Count the number of different payment method codes used by parties .
Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times ?
Return the party email that has used party services the greatest number of times .
Which state can address `` 6862 Kaitlyn Knolls '' possibly be in ?
Give the state corresponding to the line number building `` 6862 Kaitlyn Knolls '' .
What is the name of organization that has the greatest number of contact individuals ?
Return the name of the organization which has the most contact individuals .
Find the last name of the individuals that have been contact individuals of an organization .
What are the last names of individuals who have been contact individuals for an organization ?
How many drivers are there ?
Show the name , home city , and age for all drivers .
Show the party and the number of drivers in each party .
Show the name of drivers in descending order of age .
Show all different home cities .
Show the home city with the most number of drivers .
Show the party with drivers from Hartford and drivers older than 40 .
Show home city where at least two drivers older than 40 are from .
Show all home cities except for those having a driver older than 40 .
Show the names of the drivers without a school bus .
Show the types of schools that have two schools .
Show the school name and driver name for all school buses .
What is the maximum , minimum and average years spent working on a school bus ?
Show the school name and type for schools without a school bus .
Show the type of school and the number of buses for each type .
How many drivers are from Hartford city or younger than 40 ?
List names for drivers from Hartford city and younger than 40 .
find the name of driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history .
How many flights have a velocity larger than 200 ?
List the vehicle flight number , date and pilot of all the flights , ordered by altitude .
List the id , country , city and name of the airports ordered alphabetically by the name .
What is maximum group equity shareholding of the companies ?
What is the velocity of the pilot named 'Thompson ' ?
What are the names and types of the companies that have ever operated a flight ?
What are the names of the airports which are not in the country 'Iceland ' ?
What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200 ?
What are the ids and names of the companies that operated more than one flight ?
What is the id , name and IATA code of the airport that had most number of flights ?
What are the different pilot names who had piloted a flight in the country 'United States ' or in the airport named 'Billund Airport ' ?
What is the most common company type , and how many are there ?
How many airports have n't the pilot 'Thompson ' driven an aircraft ?
List the name of the pilots who have flied for both a company that mainly provide 'Cargo ' services and a company that runs 'Catering services ' activities .
Which of the airport names contains the word 'international ' ?
How many companies operates airlines in each airport ?
how many airports are there in each country ?
which countries have more than 2 airports ?
which pilot is in charge of the most number of flights ?
How many accounts do we have ?
Count the number of accounts .
Show all account ids and account details .
What are the ids and details of all accounts ?
How many statements do we have ?
Count the number of statements .
List all statement ids and statement details .
What are the ids and details of all statements ?
Show statement id , statement detail , account detail for accounts .
What are the statement ids , statement details , and account details , for all accounts ?
Show all statement id and the number of accounts for each statement .
What are the different statement ids on accounts , and the number of accounts for each ?
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts .
What are the statement id and statement detail for the statement that has the most corresponding accounts ?
Show the number of documents .
Count the number of documents .
List the document type code , document name , and document description for the document with name 'Noel CV ' or name 'King Book ' .
What are the type come , name , and description of the document that has either the name 'Noel CV ' or 'King Book ' ?
Show the ids and names of all documents .
What are the ids and names for each of the documents ?
Find names and ids of all documents with document type code BK .
What are the names and ids of documents that have the type code BK ?
How many documents are with document type code BK for each product id ?
Count the number of documents with the type code BK that correspond to each product id .
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project ' .
What are the names and dates for documents corresponding to project that has the details 'Graph Database project ' ?
Show project ids and the number of documents in each project .
How many documents correspond with each project id ?
What is the id of the project with least number of documents ?
Return the id of the project that has the fewest corresponding documents .
Show the ids for projects with at least 2 documents .
What are project ids of projects that have 2 or more corresponding documents ?
List document type codes and the number of documents in each code .
How many documents are there of each type ?
What is the document type code with most number of documents ?
Return the code of the document type that is most common .
Show the document type code with fewer than 3 documents .
What are the codes corresponding to document types for which there are less than 3 documents ?
Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project ' .
What are the details for statements with the details 'Private Project ' , and what are the names of the corresponding documents ?
Show all document type codes , document type names , document type descriptions .
What are the codes , names , and descriptions of the different document types ?
What is the document type description for document type named Film ?
Return the description of the document type name 'Film ' .
What is the document type name and the document type description and creation date for all the documents ?
Return the type name , type description , and date of creation for each document .
Show the number of projects .
How many projects are there ?
List ids and details for all projects .
What are the ids and details for each project ?
What is the project id and detail for the project with at least two documents ?
Return the ids and details corresponding to projects for which there are more than two documents .
What is the project detail for the project with document `` King Book '' ?
Give the details of the project with the document name 'King Book ' .
How many budget types do we have ?
Count the number of budget codes .
List all budget type codes and descriptions .
What are the type codes and descriptions of each budget type ?
What is the description for the budget type with code ORG ?
Return the description of the budget type that has the code ORG .
How many documents have expenses ?
Count the number of documents with expenses .
What are the document ids for the budget type code 'SF ' ?
Give the ids of documents with expenses that have the budget code 'SF ' .
Show the budget type code and description and the corresponding document id .
Return the budget type codes , budget type descriptions and document ids for documents with expenses .
Show ids for all documents with budget types described as 'Government ' .
Give the ids for documents that have the budget description 'Government ' .
Show budget type codes and the number of documents in each budget type .
What are the different budget type codes , and how many documents are there for each ?
What is the budget type code with most number of documents .
Give the budget type code that is most common among documents with expenses .
What are the ids of documents which do n't have expense budgets ?
Return the ids of documents that do not have expenses .
Show ids for all documents in type CV without expense budgets .
What are the ids of documents with the type code CV that do not have expenses .
What are the ids of documents with letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets .
Give the ids of documents that have expenses and contain the letter s in their names .
How many documents do not have any expense ?
Count the number of documents that do not have expenses .
What are the dates for the documents with both 'GV ' type and 'SF ' type expenses ?
Give the dates of creation for documents that have both budget type codes 'GV ' and 'SF ' .
What are the account details with the largest value or with value having char '5 ' in it ?
Return the account details with the greatest value , as well as those that include the character 5 .
Find the total number of scientists .
How many scientists are there ?
Find the total hours of all projects .
What is the total number of hours for all projects ?
How many different scientists are assigned to any project ?
Count the number of different scientists assigned to any project .
Find the number of distinct projects .
How many different projects are there ?
Find the average hours of all projects .
What is the average hours across all projects ?
Find the name of project that continues for the longest time .
What is the name of the project with the most hours ?
List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects .
What are the names of projects that have taken longer than the average number of hours for all projects ?
Find the name and hours of project that has the most number of scientists .
What is the name and hours for the project which has the most scientists assigned to it ?
Find the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains ‘Smith’ is assigned to .
What is the name of the project that has a scientist assigned to it whose name contains 'Smith ' ?
Find the total hours of the projects that scientists named Michael Rogers or Carol Smith are assigned to .
What is the sum of hours for projects that scientists with the name Michael Rogers or Carol Smith are assigned to ?
Find the name of projects that require between 100 and 300 hours of work .
What are the names of projects that require between 100 and 300 hours ?
Find the name of the scientist who worked on both a project named 'Matter of Time ' and a project named 'A Puzzling Parallax ' .
What are the names of any scientists who worked on projects named 'Matter of Time ' and 'A Puzzling Pattern ' ?
List the names of all scientists sorted in alphabetical order .
What are the names of all the scientists in alphabetical order ?
Find the number of scientists involved for each project name .
What are the naems of all the projects , and how many scientists were assigned to each of them ?
Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours .
What are the names of projects that require more than 300 hours , and how many scientists are assigned to each ?
Find the number of projects which each scientist is working on and scientist 's name .
What are the names of the scientists , and how many projects are each of them working on ?
Find the SSN and name of scientists who are assigned to the project with the longest hours .
What are the SSN and names of scientists working on the project with the most hours ?
Find the name of scientists who are assigned to some project .
What are the names of scientists who are assigned to any project ?
Select the project names which are not assigned yet .
What are the names of projects that have not been assigned ?
Find the name of scientists who are not assigned to any project .
What are the names of scientists who have not been assigned a project ?
Find the number of scientists who are not assigned to any project .
How many scientists do not have any projects assigned to them ?
Find the names of scientists who are not working on the project with the highest hours .
What are the names of scientists who are not working on the project with the most hours ?
List all the scientists ' names , their projects ' names , and the hours worked by that scientist on each project , in alphabetical order of project name , and then scientist name .
What are the names of each scientist , the names of the projects that they work on , and the hours for each of those projects , listed in alphabetical order by project name , then scientist name .
Find name of the project that needs the least amount of time to finish and the name of scientists who worked on it .
What is the name of the project that requires the fewest number of hours , and the names of the scientists assigned to it ?
What is the name of the highest rated wine ?
Give the name of the wine with the highest score .
Which winery is the wine that has the highest score from ?
What is the winery at which the wine with the highest score was made ?
Find the names of all wines produced in 2008 .
What are the names of all wines produced in 2008 ?
List the grapes and appelations of all wines .
What are the grapes and appelations of each wine ?
List the names and scores of all wines .
What are the names and scores of all wines ?
List the area and county of all appelations .
What are the areas and counties for all appelations ?
What are the prices of wines produced before the year of 2010 ?
Return the prices of wines produced before 2010 .
List the names of all distinct wines that have scores higher than 90 .
What are the names of wines with scores higher than 90 ?
List the names of all distinct wines that are made of red color grape .
What are the names of wines made from red grapes ?
Find the names of all distinct wines that have appellations in North Coast area .
What are the distinct names of wines that have appellations in the North Coast area ?
How many wines are produced at Robert Biale winery ?
Count the number of wines produced at Robert Biale winery .
How many appelations are in Napa Country ?
Count the number of appelations in Napa County .
Give me the average prices of wines that are produced by appelations in Sonoma County .
What is the average price of wines produced in appelations in Sonoma County ?
What are the names and scores of wines that are made of white color grapes ?
Give the names and scores of wines made from white grapes .
Find the maximum price of wins from the appelations in Central Coast area and produced before the year of 2005 .
What is the maximum price of wines from the appelation in the Central Coast area , which was produced before 2005 ?
Find the the grape whose white color grapes are used to produce wines with scores higher than 90 .
Find the white grape used to produce wines with scores above 90 .
What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 and made of Red color grapes ?
What are the names of wines made from red grapes and with prices above 50 ?
What are the wines that have prices lower than 50 and have appelations in Monterey county ?
Give the neames of wines with prices below 50 and with appelations in Monterey county .
What are the numbers of wines for different grapes ?
How many wines are there for each grape ?
What are the average prices of wines for different years ?
What is the average prices of wines for each each ?
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery .
What are the distinct names of wines with prices higher than any wine from John Anthony winery .
List the names of all distinct wines in alphabetical order .
What are the names of wines , sorted in alphabetical order ?
List the names of all distinct wines ordered by price .
What are the names of wines , sorted by price ascending ?
What is the area of the appelation that produces the highest number of wines before the year of 2010 ?
What is the area for the appelation which produced the most wines prior to 2010 ?
What is the color of the grape whose wine products has the highest average price ?
Give the color of the grape whose wine products have the highest average price ?
Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 or after the year of 2010 .
Give the distinct names of wines made before 2000 or after 2010 .
Find the distinct winery of wines having price between 50 and 100 .
What are the distinct wineries which produce wines costing between 50 and 100 ?
What are the average prices and cases of wines produced in the year of 2009 and made of Zinfandel grape ?
Give the average price and case of wines made from Zinfandel grapes in the year 2009 .
What are the maximum price and score of wines produced by St. Helena appelation ?
Give the maximum price and score for wines produced in the appelation St. Helena .
What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year ?
What are the maximum price and score of wines for each year ?
What are the average price and score of wines grouped by appelation ?
What are the average price and score of wines for each appelation ?
Find the wineries that have at least four wines .
Which wineries produce at least four wines ?
Find the country of all appelations who have at most three wines .
What are the countries for appelations with at most 3 wines ?
What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery ?
What are the names of wines produced before any wine from the Brander winery ?
What are the names of wines that are more expensive then all wines made in the year 2006 ?
Give the names of wines with prices above any wine produced in 2006 .
Find the top 3 wineries with the greatest number of wines made of white color grapes .
Which 3 wineries produce the most wines made from white grapes ?
List the grape , winery and year of the wines whose price is bigger than 100 ordered by year .
What are the grapes , wineries and years for wines with price higher than 100 , sorted by year ?
List the grape , appelation and name of wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name .
What are the grapes , appelations , and wines with scores above 93 , sorted by Name ?
Find the appelations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area .
What are the appelations for wines produced after 2008 but not in the Central Coast area ?
Find the average price of wines that are not produced from Sonoma county .
What is the average price for wines not produced in Sonoma county ?
Find the county where produces the most number of wines with score higher than 90 .
What is the county that produces the most wines scoring higher than 90 ?
How many train stations are there ?
Show the name , location , and number of platforms for all stations .
What are all locations of train stations ?
Show the names and total passengers for all train stations not in London .
Show the names and main services for train stations that have the top three total number of passengers .
What is the average and maximum number of total passengers for train stations in London or Glasgow ?
Show all locations and the total number of platforms and passengers for all train stations in each location .
Show all locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms and train stations with more than 25 total passengers .
Show all locations which do n't have a train station with at least 15 platforms .
Show the location with most number of train stations .
Show the name , time , and service for all trains .
Show the number of trains
Show the name and service for all trains in order by time .
Show the station name and number of trains in each station .
show the train name and station name for each train .
Show all train names and times in stations in London in descending order by train time .
Show the station name with greatest number of trains .
Show the station name with at least two trains .
Show all locations with only 1 station .
Show station names without any trains .
What are the names of the stations which serve both `` Ananthapuri Express '' and `` Guruvayur Express '' trains ?
Find the names of the trains that do not pass any station located in London .
List the names and locations of all stations ordered by their yearly entry exit and interchange amounts .
List all vehicle id
What are the ids of all vehicles ?
How many vehicle in total ?
How many vehicles exist ?
Show the detail of vehicle with id 1 .
What are the details of the car with id 1 ?
List the first name middle name and last name of all staff .
What are the first , middle , and last names of all staff ?
What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
What is the date of birth for the staff member named Janessa Sawayn ?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company ?
When did the staff member named Janessa Sawayn join the company ?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company ?
When did the staff member Janessa Sawayn leave the company ?
How many staff have the first name Ludie ?
How many employees have a first name of Ludie ?
What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
What is the nickname of the employee named Janessa Sawayn ?
How many staff in total ?
How many employees are there ?
Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live ?
In what city does Janessa Sawayn live ?
Which country and state does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived ?
In which country and state does Janessa Sawayn live ?
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin ?
How long is the total lesson time took by the customer named Rylan Goodwin ?
What is the zip code of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived ?
What is the zip code of the hosue of the employee named Janessa Sawayn ?
How many staff live in state Georgia ?
How many employees live in Georgia ?
Find out the first name and last name of staff lived in city Damianfort .
What is the first and last name of all employees who live in the city Damianfort ?
Which city lives most of staffs ? List the city name and number of staffs .
In which city do the most employees live and how many of them live there ?
List the states which have between 2 to 4 staffs living there .
What are the names of the states that have 2 to 4 employees living there ?
List the first name and last name of all customers .
What are the first and last names for all customers ?
List email address and birthday of customer whose first name as Carole .
What are the email addresses and date of births for all customers who have a first name of Carole ?
List phone number and email address of customer with more than 2000 outstanding balance .
What are the phone numbers and email addresses of all customers who have an outstanding balance of more than 2000 ?
What is the status code , mobile phone number and email address of customer with last name as Kohler or first name as Marina ?
What is the status code , phone number , and email address of the customer whose last name is Kohler or whose first name is Marina ?
When are the birthdays of customer who are classified as 'Good Customer ' status ?
What is the date of birth of every customer whose status code is 'Good Customer ' ?
When did customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard became a customer ?
When did Carole Bernhard first become a customer ?
How many customers in total ?
How many customers are there ?
List all customer status codes and the number of customers having each status code .
For each customer status code , how many customers are classified that way ?
Which customer status code has least number of customers ?
What is the status code with the least number of customers ?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed ?
How many lessons did the customer Ryan Goodwin complete ?
What is maximum , minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer ?
What is the maximum , minimum , and average amount of money outsanding for all customers ?
List the first name and last name of customers have the amount of outstanding between 1000 and 3000 .
What are the first and last names of all customers with between 1000 and 3000 dollars outstanding ?
List first name and last name of customers lived in city Lockmanfurt .
What are the first and last names of all customers who lived in Lockmanfurt ?
Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard lived in ?
What is the country in which the customer Carole Bernhard lived ?
What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard ?
What is the zip code of the customer Carole Bernhard ?
Which city does has most number of customers ?
What is the city with the most customers ?
How much in total does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid ?
What is the total amount of moeny paid by the customer Carole Bernhard ?
List the number of customers that did not have any payment history .
How many customers have no payment histories ?
List first name and last name of customers that have more than 2 payments .
What are the first and last names of all customers with more than 2 payments ?
List all payment methods and number of payments using each payment methods .
For each payment method , how many payments were made ?
How many lessons were in cancelled state ?
How many lessons have been cancelled ?
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa , last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's ' .
What are the the lesson ids of all staff taught by Janessa Sawayn whose nickname has the letter s ?
How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a ' in it ?
How many lessons were taught by a staff member whose first name has the letter 'a ' in it ?
How long is the total lesson time taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
What is the total time for all lessons taught by Janessa Sawayn ?
What is average lesson price taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
What is the average price for a lesson taught by Janessa Sawayn ?
How many lesson does customer with first name Ray took ?
How many lessons did the customer with the first name Ray take ?
Which last names are both used by customers and by staff ?
What are the last names that are used by customers and staff ?
What is the first name of the staff who did not give any lesson ?
What is the first name of all employees who do not give any lessons ?
What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times ?
How many faculty do we have ?
What is the total number of faculty members ?
What ranks do we have for faculty ?
Find the list of distinct ranks for faculty .
Show all the distinct buildings that have faculty rooms .
What buildings have faculty offices ?
Show the rank , first name , and last name for all the faculty .
What are the rank , first name , and last name of the faculty members ?
Show the first name , last name , and phone number for all female faculty members .
What are the first name , last name , and phone number of all the female faculty members ?
Show ids for all the male faculty .
What are the faculty ids of all the male faculty members ?
How many female Professors do we have ?
Count the number of female Professors we have .
Show the phone , room , and building for the faculty named Jerry Prince .
What are the phone , room , and building of the faculty member called Jerry Prince ?
How many Professors are in building NEB ?
Count the number of Professors who have office in building NEB .
Show the first name and last name for all the instructors .
What are the first name and last name of all the instructors ?
Show all the buildings along with the number of faculty members the buildings have .
How many faculty members does each building have ? List the result with the name of the building .
Which building has most faculty members ?
Find the building that has the largest number of faculty members .
Show all the buildings that have at least 10 professors .
In which buildings are there at least ten professors ?
For each faculty rank , show the number of faculty members who have it .
How many faculty members do we have for each faculty rank ?
Show all the ranks and the number of male and female faculty for each rank .
How many faculty members do we have for each rank and gender ?
Which rank has the smallest number of faculty members ?
Find the faculty rank that has the least members .
Show the number of male and female assistant professors .
How many male and female assistant professors do we have ?
What are the first name and last name of Linda Smith 's advisor ?
Who is the advisor of Linda Smith ? Give me the first name and last name .
Show the ids of students whose advisors are professors .
Which students have professors as their advisors ? Find their student ids .
Show first name and last name for all the students advised by Michael Goodrich .
Which students are advised by Michael Goodrich ? Give me their first and last names .
Show the faculty id of each faculty member , along with the number of students he or she advises .
What are the faculty id and the number of students each faculty has ?
Show all the faculty ranks and the number of students advised by each rank .
How many students are advised by each rank of faculty ? List the rank and the number of students .
What are the first and last name of the faculty who has the most students ?
Give me the the first and last name of the faculty who advises the most students .
Show the ids for all the faculty members who have at least 2 students .
Which faculty members advise two ore more students ? Give me their faculty ids .
Show ids for the faculty members who do n't advise any student .
What are the ids of the faculty members who do not advise any student .
What activities do we have ?
List all the activities we have .
How many activities do we have ?
Find the number of activities available .
How many faculty members participate in an activity ?
Give me the number of faculty members who participate in an activity
Show the ids of the faculty who do n't participate in any activity .
Which faculty do not participate in any activity ? Find their faculty ids .
Show the ids of all the faculty members who participate in an activity and advise a student .
What are ids of the faculty members who not only participate in an activity but also advise a student .
How many activities does Mark Giuliano participate in ?
Find the number of activities Mark Giuliano is involved in .
Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in .
What are the names of the activities Mark Giuliano is involved in
Show the first and last name of all the faculty members who participated in some activity , together with the number of activities they participated in .
What is the first and last name of the faculty members who participated in at least one activity ? For each of them , also show the number of activities they participated in .
Show all the activity names and the number of faculty involved in each activity .
How many faculty members participate in each activity ? Return the activity names and the number of faculty members .
What is the first and last name of the faculty participating in the most activities ?
Find the first and last name of the faculty who is involved in the largest number of activities .
What is the name of the activity that has the most faculty members involved in ?
Which activity has the most faculty members participating in ? Find the activity name .
Show the ids of the students who do n't participate in any activity .
What are the ids of the students who are not involved in any activity
Show the ids for all the students who participate in an activity and are under 20 .
What are the ids of the students who are under 20 years old and are involved in at least one activity .
What is the first and last name of the student participating in the most activities ?
Tell me the first and last name of the student who has the most activities .
What is the name of the activity with the most students ?
Find the name of the activity that has the largest number of student participants .
Find the first names of the faculty members who are playing Canoeing or Kayaking .
Which faculty members are playing either Canoeing or Kayaking ? Tell me their first names .
Find the first names of professors who are not playing Canoeing or Kayaking .
What are the first names of the professors who do not play Canoeing or Kayaking as activities ?
Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking .
What are the first names of the faculty members playing both Canoeing and Kayaking ?
Find the ids of the students who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking .
Which students participate in both Canoeing and Kayaking as their activities ? Tell me their student ids .
Find the name of the airport in the city of Goroka .
What are the names of the airports in the city of Goroka ?
Find the name , city , country , and altitude ( or elevation ) of the airports in the city of New York .
What is the name , city , country , and elevation for every airport in the city of New York ?
How many airlines are there ?
What is the total number of airlines ?
How many airlines does Russia has ?
What is the number of airlines based in Russia ?
What is the maximum elevation of all airports in the country of Iceland ?
What is the highest elevation of an airport in the country of Iceland ?
Find the name of the airports located in Cuba or Argentina .
What are the names of all airports in Cuba or Argentina ?
Find the country of the airlines whose name starts with 'Orbit ' .
What are the countries of all airlines whose names start with Orbit ?
Find the name of airports whose altitude is between -50 and 50 .
What are the names of all airports whose elevation is between -50 and 50 ?
Which country is the airport that has the highest altitude located in ?
What is the country of the airport with the highest elevation ?
Find the number of airports whose name contain the word 'International ' .
How many airports ' names have the word Interanation in them ?
How many different cities do have some airport in the country of Greenland ?
In how many cities are there airports in the country of Greenland ?
Find the number of routes operated by American Airlines .
How many routes does American Airlines operate ?
Find the number of routes whose destination airports are in Canada .
How many routes end in a Canadian airport ?
Find the name , city , and country of the airport that has the lowest altitude .
What is the name , city , and country of the airport with the lowest altitude ?
Find the name , city , and country of the airport that has the highest latitude .
What is the name , city , and country of the airport with the highest elevation ?
Find the name and city of the airport which is the destination of the most number of routes .
What is the name and city of the airport that the most routes end at ?
Find the names of the top 10 airlines that operate the most number of routes .
For the airline ids with the top 10 most routes operated , what are their names ?
Find the name and city of the airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes .
What is the name and city of the airport from most of the routes start ?
Find the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines .
What is the number of different different airports that are destinations for American Airlines ?
Which countries has the most number of airlines ?
What is the name of the country with the most number of home airlines ?
Which countries has the most number of airlines whose active status is 'Y ' ?
What are the countries with the most airlines whose active status is Y ?
List all countries and their number of airlines in the descending order of number of airlines .
How many airlines operate out of each country in descending order ?
How many airports are there per country ? Order the countries by decreasing number of airports .
What is the number of airports per country , ordered from most to least ?
How many airports are there per city in the United States ? Order the cities by decreasing number of airports .
How many airports are there per city in the US ordered from most to least ?
Return the cities with more than 3 airports in the United States .
What is the number of cities in the United States with more than 3 airports ?
How many cities are there that have more than 3 airports ?
What is the count of cities with more than 3 airports ?
List the cities which have more than one airport and number of airports .
What are the names of all cities with more than one airport and how many airports do they have ?
List the cities which have more than 2 airports sorted by the number of airports .
What are the cities that have more than 2 airports sorted by number of airports ?
Find the number of routes for each source airport and the airport name .
For each airport name , how many routes start at that airport ?
Find the number of routes and airport name for each source airport , order the results by decreasing number of routes .
For each airport name , how many routes start at that airport , ordered from most to least ?
Find the average elevation of all airports for each country .
For each country , what is the average elevation of that country 's airports ?
Find the cities which have exactly two airports .
What are the cities with exactly two airports ?
For each country and airline name , how many routes are there ?
What is the total number of routes for each country and airline in that country ?
Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy .
What is the number of routes whose destinations are Italian airports ?
Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines ' .
What is the number of routes operated by the airline American Airlines whose destinations are in Italy ?
Find the number of routes that have destination John F Kennedy International Airport .
What is the number of routes that end at John F Kennedy International Airport ?
Find the number of routes from the United States to Canada .
How many routes go from the United States to Canada ?
Find the id of routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States .
What is the id of the routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States ?
Find the name of airline which runs the most number of routes .
What is the name of the airline with the most routes ?
Find the busiest source airport that runs most number of routes in China .
What is the name of the airport with the most number of routes that start in China ?
Find the busiest destination airport that runs most number of routes in China .
What is the name of the airport that is the destination of the most number of routes that start in China ?
What is the id of the most recent order ?
Find the id of the order made most recently .
what are the order id and customer id of the oldest order ?
Find the order id and customer id associated with the oldest order .
Find the id of the order whose shipment tracking number is `` 3452 '' .
Which order 's shipment tracking number is `` 3452 '' ? Give me the id of the order .
Find the ids of all the order items whose product id is 11 .
Find all the order items whose product id is 11 . What are the order item ids ?
List the name of all the distinct customers who have orders with status `` Packing '' .
Which customers have orders with status `` Packing '' ? Give me the customer names .
Find the details of all the distinct customers who have orders with status `` On Road '' .
What are the distinct customers who have orders with status `` On Road '' ? Give me the customer details ?
What is the name of the customer who has the most orders ?
Which customer made the most orders ? Find the customer name .
What is the customer id of the customer who has the most orders ?
Find the id of the customer who made the most orders .
Give me a list of id and status of orders which belong to the customer named `` Jeramie '' .
Which orders are made by the customer named `` Jeramie '' ? Give me the order ids and status .
Find the dates of orders which belong to the customer named `` Jeramie '' .
What are the dates of the orders made by the customer named `` Jeramie '' ?
Give me the names of customers who have placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01 .
Which customers made orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01 ? Find their names .
Give me a list of distinct product ids from orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01 ?
What are the distinct ids of products ordered between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01 ? ?
Find the names of the customers who have order status both `` On Road '' and `` Shipped '' .
Which customers have both `` On Road '' and `` Shipped '' as order status ? List the customer names .
Find the id of the customers who have order status both `` On Road '' and `` Shipped '' .
Which customers have both `` On Road '' and `` Shipped '' as order status ? List the customer ids .
When was the order placed whose shipment tracking number is 3452 ? Give me the date .
On which day was the order placed whose shipment tracking number is 3452 ?
What is the placement date of the order whose invoice number is 10 ?
On what day was the order with invoice number 10 placed ?
List the count and id of each product in all the orders .
For each product , return its id and the number of times it was ordered .
List the name and count of each product in all orders .
For each product , show its name and the number of times it was ordered .
Find the ids of orders which are shipped after 2000-01-01 .
Which orders have shipment after 2000-01-01 ? Give me the order ids .
Find the id of the order which is shipped most recently .
Which order has the most recent shipment ? Give me the order id .
List the names of all distinct products in alphabetical order .
Sort all the distinct products in alphabetical order .
List the ids of all distinct orders ordered by placed date .
What are ids of the all distinct orders , sorted by placement date ?
What is the id of the order which has the most items ?
Which order deals with the most items ? Return the order id .
What is the name of the customer who has the largest number of orders ?
Find the name of the customer who made the most orders .
Find the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25 .
What are the invoice numbers created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25 ?
Find the distinct details of invoices which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25 .
What are the distinct details of invoices created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25 ?
For each customer who has at least two orders , find the customer name and number of orders made .
Which customers have made at least two orders ? Give me each customer name and number of orders made .
Find the name of the customers who have at most two orders .
What are the names of the customers who have made two or less orders ?
List the names of the customers who have once bought product `` food '' .
What are the names of the customers who bought product `` food '' at least once ?
List the names of customers who have once canceled the purchase of the product `` food '' ( the item status is `` Cancel '' ) .
Which customers have ever canceled the purchase of the product `` food '' ( the item status is `` Cancel '' ) ?
How many architects are female ?
List the name , nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically .
What is the maximum length in meters for the bridges and what are the architects ' names ?
What is the average length in feet of the bridges ?
What are the names and year of construction for the mills of 'Grondzeiler ' type ?
What are the distinct names and nationalities of the architects who have ever built a mill ?
What are the names of the mills which are not located in 'Donceel ' ?
What are the distinct types of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects ?
What are the ids and names of the architects who built at least 3 bridges ?
What is the id , name and nationality of the architect who built most mills ?
What are the ids , names and genders of the architects who built two bridges or one mill ?
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ?
Which of the mill names contains the french word 'Moulin ' ?
What are the distinct name of the mills built by the architects who have also built a bridge longer than 80 meters ?
What is the most common mill type , and how many are there ?
How many architects have n't built a mill before year 1850 ?
show the name of all bridges that was designed by american archtect , and sort the result by the bridge feet length .
How many book clubs are there ?
Count the number of book clubs .
show the titles , and authors or editors for all books made after the year 1989 .
What are the titles and authors or editors that correspond to books made after 1989 ?
Show all distinct publishers for books .
What are all the different book publishers ?
Show the years , book titles , and publishers for all books , in descending order by year .
What are the years , titles , and publishers for all books , ordered by year descending ?
Show all publishers and the number of books for each publisher .
How many books are there for each publisher ?
What is the publisher with most number of books ?
Return the publisher that has published the most books .
Show all book categories and the number of books in each category .
How many books fall into each category ?
List categories that have at least two books after year 1989 .
What categories have two or more corresponding books that were made after 1989 ?
Show publishers with a book published in 1989 and a book in 1990 .
What are the publishers who have published a book in both 1989 and 1990 ?
Show all publishers which do not have a book in 1989 .
Which publishers did not publish a book in 1989 ?
Show all movie titles , years , and directors , ordered by budget .
What are the titles , years , and directors of all movies , ordered by budget in millions ?
How many movie directors are there ?
Count the number of different directors .
What is the title and director for the movie with highest worldwide gross in the year 2000 or before ?
Return the title and director of the movie released in the year 2000 or earlier that had the highest worldwide gross .
Show all director names who have a movie in both year 1999 and 2000 .
Which directors had a movie both in the year 1999 and 2000 ?
Show all director names who have a movie in the year 1999 or 2000 .
Which directors had a movie in either 1999 or 2000 ?
What is the average , maximum , and minimum budget for all movies before 2000 .
Return the average , maximum , and minimum budgets in millions for movies made before the year 2000 .
List all company names with a book published by Alyson .
What are all the company names that have a book published by Alyson ?
Show the movie titles and book titles for all companies in China .
What are the titles of movies and books corresponding to companies incorporated in China ?
Show all company names with a movie directed in year 1999 .
What are all company names that have a corresponding movie directed in the year 1999 ?
