Find out the average salary of professors ?
Find out the average salary of professors ? Find the average salary of the professors of each department ?
Find out the average salary of professors ? Find the average salary of the professors of each department ? Which department has the highest average salary of professors ?
Find out the average salary of professors ? Find the average salary of the professors of each department ? Which department has the highest average salary of professors ? Which department has the lowest average salary of professors ?
Find out the average salary of professors ? Find the average salary of the professors of each department ? Which department has the highest average salary of professors ? Which department has the lowest average salary of professors ? In which department Mr. Mird work for ?
Find out the average salary of professors ? Find the average salary of the professors of each department ? Which department has the highest average salary of professors ? Which department has the lowest average salary of professors ? In which department Mr. Mird work for ? How much is the salary Mr. Mird earns currently ?
Find out the average salary of professors ? Find the average salary of the professors of each department ? Which department has the highest average salary of professors ? Which department has the lowest average salary of professors ? In which department Mr. Mird work for ? How much is the salary Mr. Mird earns currently ? Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors.
What is the station ID for London Waterloo
What is the station ID for London Waterloo What trains go to station ID 1 ?
What is the station ID for London Waterloo What trains go to station ID 1 ? Can you give me the names of those trains and tell me when they have service
What is the station ID for London Waterloo What trains go to station ID 1 ? Can you give me the names of those trains and tell me when they have service show the train name and station name for each train.
When did the violin players perform ?
When did the violin players perform ? Which violin player attended the most ? | Do you mean the name of the violin player that attended the most number of performances ? | Yes , what is the name of the violin player who attended the most number of performances ?
When did the violin players perform ? Which violin player attended the most ? | Do you mean the name of the violin player that attended the most number of performances ? | Yes , what is the name of the violin player who attended the most number of performances ? What about the violin player who attended the least performances ?
When did the violin players perform ? Which violin player attended the most ? | Do you mean the name of the violin player that attended the most number of performances ? | Yes , what is the name of the violin player who attended the most number of performances ? What about the violin player who attended the least performances ? Show the dates of performances with attending members whose roles are "Violin".
what is the films title that direct by Bill Schreiner ?
what is the films title that direct by Bill Schreiner ? show director with the largest number of show times in total
what is the films title that direct by Bill Schreiner ? show director with the largest number of show times in total show me a list of original air date ?
what is the films title that direct by Bill Schreiner ? show director with the largest number of show times in total show me a list of original air date ? Show director with the largest number of show times in total.
Show me the captain ranks
Show me the captain ranks Show me the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class
Show me the captain ranks Show me the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class Find the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class.
Who are the technicians from team `` CLE '' and `` CWS '' ?
Who are the technicians from team `` CLE '' and `` CWS '' ? Please show me the starting years for them
Who are the technicians from team `` CLE '' and `` CWS '' ? Please show me the starting years for them What years are shared ?
Who are the technicians from team `` CLE '' and `` CWS '' ? Please show me the starting years for them What years are shared ? Can you also give me the minimum and maximum starting years ?
Who are the technicians from team `` CLE '' and `` CWS '' ? Please show me the starting years for them What years are shared ? Can you also give me the minimum and maximum starting years ? Show the starting years shared by technicians from team "CLE" and "CWS".
Can you list the class room associated with the name Loria Ondersma in the teachers table ?
Can you list the class room associated with the name Loria Ondersma in the teachers table ? Can you show me all first and last names from the list table that have a classroom id of 108 ?
Can you list the class room associated with the name Loria Ondersma in the teachers table ? Can you show me all first and last names from the list table that have a classroom id of 108 ? Can you tell me how many unique names are currently in the table ?
Can you list the class room associated with the name Loria Ondersma in the teachers table ? Can you show me all first and last names from the list table that have a classroom id of 108 ? Can you tell me how many unique names are currently in the table ? How many unique names in the list table have a classroom id of 108 ?
Can you list the class room associated with the name Loria Ondersma in the teachers table ? Can you show me all first and last names from the list table that have a classroom id of 108 ? Can you tell me how many unique names are currently in the table ? How many unique names in the list table have a classroom id of 108 ? How many students does LORIA ONDERSMA teaches?
What are the duration 's of the longest and shortest track in milliseconds .
What are the duration 's of the longest and shortest track in milliseconds . What is the name of the longest track ?
What are the duration 's of the longest and shortest track in milliseconds . What is the name of the longest track ? Who was the longest track written by ?
What are the duration 's of the longest and shortest track in milliseconds . What is the name of the longest track ? Who was the longest track written by ? What are the durations of the longest and the shortest tracks in milliseconds?
Provide all the details of the song Tumi robe nirobe ?
Provide all the details of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration in 3 minutes ?
Provide all the details of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration in 3 minutes ? List the songs with size more than 4MB ?
Provide all the details of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration in 3 minutes ? List the songs with size more than 4MB ? What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration is 3 minutes?
What is the maximum capacity in Lambert ? | Did you mean Lamberton ? | yes . my apologies .
What is the maximum capacity in Lambert ? | Did you mean Lamberton ? | yes . my apologies . What is the maximum capacity of all of the rooms ?
What is the maximum capacity in Lambert ? | Did you mean Lamberton ? | yes . my apologies . What is the maximum capacity of all of the rooms ? How many rooms are there ?
What is the maximum capacity in Lambert ? | Did you mean Lamberton ? | yes . my apologies . What is the maximum capacity of all of the rooms ? How many rooms are there ? What is the average capacity of the rooms ?
What is the maximum capacity in Lambert ? | Did you mean Lamberton ? | yes . my apologies . What is the maximum capacity of all of the rooms ? How many rooms are there ? What is the average capacity of the rooms ? Which classroom is the smallest ?
What is the maximum capacity in Lambert ? | Did you mean Lamberton ? | yes . my apologies . What is the maximum capacity of all of the rooms ? How many rooms are there ? What is the average capacity of the rooms ? Which classroom is the smallest ? What room seats 120 people ?
What is the maximum capacity in Lambert ? | Did you mean Lamberton ? | yes . my apologies . What is the maximum capacity of all of the rooms ? How many rooms are there ? What is the average capacity of the rooms ? Which classroom is the smallest ? What room seats 120 people ? Find the maximum and average capacity among rooms in each building.
Please list each gender code with its corresponding amount of guests and sort it in descending order by that count ?
Please list each gender code with its corresponding amount of guests and sort it in descending order by that count ? What are the full names of all the people with unknown genders ?
Please list each gender code with its corresponding amount of guests and sort it in descending order by that count ? What are the full names of all the people with unknown genders ? What were their birth dates ?
Please list each gender code with its corresponding amount of guests and sort it in descending order by that count ? What are the full names of all the people with unknown genders ? What were their birth dates ? What are the birth dates of all guests with the letter M in their first or last name ?
Please list each gender code with its corresponding amount of guests and sort it in descending order by that count ? What are the full names of all the people with unknown genders ? What were their birth dates ? What are the birth dates of all guests with the letter M in their first or last name ? Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order.
What is the total grant amount of the organizations described as research ?
What is the total grant amount of the organizations described as research ? What is the grant start date of the organizations described as research ?
What is the total grant amount of the organizations described as research ? What is the grant start date of the organizations described as research ? Show me organization ids for organizations described as research
What is the total grant amount of the organizations described as research ? What is the grant start date of the organizations described as research ? Show me organization ids for organizations described as research What is the total grant amount of the organisations described as research?
Can you show me all tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Do you mean the names of all the tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Yes .
Can you show me all tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Do you mean the names of all the tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Yes . Hmm , I want to know the seatings for all the tracks opened after 2000 .
Can you show me all tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Do you mean the names of all the tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Yes . Hmm , I want to know the seatings for all the tracks opened after 2000 . Please list the names and seatings for all the tracks opened after 2000 , ordered by seating .
Can you show me all tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Do you mean the names of all the tracks which were opened after 2000 ? | Yes . Hmm , I want to know the seatings for all the tracks opened after 2000 . Please list the names and seatings for all the tracks opened after 2000 , ordered by seating . Show names and seatings, ordered by seating for all tracks opened after 2000.
Hey there ! How 're you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different movie studios ?
Hey there ! How 're you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different movie studios ? Could you filter this list to show just the movie studio which has the largest number of movies ?
Hey there ! How 're you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different movie studios ? Could you filter this list to show just the movie studio which has the largest number of movies ? Great ! Can you please provide me with the total number of films by 20th Century Fox ?
Hey there ! How 're you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different movie studios ? Could you filter this list to show just the movie studio which has the largest number of movies ? Great ! Can you please provide me with the total number of films by 20th Century Fox ? List the name of film studio that have the most number of films.
how many order items there
how many order items there how many order id from product id 7
how many order items there how many order id from product id 7 how many order id from order item id 2
how many order items there how many order id from product id 7 how many order id from order item id 2 What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often?
Hello , what is the name of the student with student id 1008 ? | The first and last name of the student with student id 1008 is Jandy Nelson . | What is her major ?
Hello , what is the name of the student with student id 1008 ? | The first and last name of the student with student id 1008 is Jandy Nelson . | What is her major ? Apologies , I meant to ask his/her major ; what is the student 's sex ?
Hello , what is the name of the student with student id 1008 ? | The first and last name of the student with student id 1008 is Jandy Nelson . | What is her major ? Apologies , I meant to ask his/her major ; what is the student 's sex ? How old is the student with student id 1008 ?
Hello , what is the name of the student with student id 1008 ? | The first and last name of the student with student id 1008 is Jandy Nelson . | What is her major ? Apologies , I meant to ask his/her major ; what is the student 's sex ? How old is the student with student id 1008 ? Who is the "CTO" of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the first name and last name.
What is the average gross amount of money made in dollars ?
What is the average gross amount of money made in dollars ? What films did Nicholas Meyer direct ?
What is the average gross amount of money made in dollars ? What films did Nicholas Meyer direct ? What were those movies directed by Walter Hill ?
What is the average gross amount of money made in dollars ? What films did Nicholas Meyer direct ? What were those movies directed by Walter Hill ? What studio produced that movie with name 48 Hrs ?
What is the average gross amount of money made in dollars ? What films did Nicholas Meyer direct ? What were those movies directed by Walter Hill ? What studio produced that movie with name 48 Hrs ? What studio produced Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan ?
What is the average gross amount of money made in dollars ? What films did Nicholas Meyer direct ? What were those movies directed by Walter Hill ? What studio produced that movie with name 48 Hrs ? What studio produced Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan ? Show the studios that have produced films with director "Nicholas Meyer" and "Walter Hill".
Can you show me the origins , the destinations and the flight numbers ?
Can you show me the origins , the destinations and the flight numbers ? Hmm , I want to know just the destinations and the flight numbers please .
Can you show me the origins , the destinations and the flight numbers ? Hmm , I want to know just the destinations and the flight numbers please . Please show me the destinations and the number of flights they have .
Can you show me the origins , the destinations and the flight numbers ? Hmm , I want to know just the destinations and the flight numbers please . Please show me the destinations and the number of flights they have . Which destination has the least number of flights ?
Can you show me the origins , the destinations and the flight numbers ? Hmm , I want to know just the destinations and the flight numbers please . Please show me the destinations and the number of flights they have . Which destination has the least number of flights ? Which destination has least number of flights?
Can you provide me with the names of the dorms that have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities ?
Can you provide me with the names of the dorms that have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities ? What is the Dorm ID of Dorm-plex 2000 ?
Can you provide me with the names of the dorms that have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities ? What is the Dorm ID of Dorm-plex 2000 ? What is the student capacity of Dorm-plex 2000 ?
Can you provide me with the names of the dorms that have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities ? What is the Dorm ID of Dorm-plex 2000 ? What is the student capacity of Dorm-plex 2000 ? What genders can be residents of Dorm-plex 2000 ?
Can you provide me with the names of the dorms that have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities ? What is the Dorm ID of Dorm-plex 2000 ? What is the student capacity of Dorm-plex 2000 ? What genders can be residents of Dorm-plex 2000 ? Find the name of dorms which have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities.
list all job ids
list all job ids what are the hire dates for all the jobs ?
list all job ids what are the hire dates for all the jobs ? list all the phone numbers
list all job ids what are the hire dates for all the jobs ? list all the phone numbers Can you return all detailed info of jobs which was done by any of the employees who is presently earning a salary on and above 12000?
Which customers have ordered `` food '' ? | ok , did you want to just return their names ? | Yes . I just want to know the names of which customers have placed orders under the category `` food ''
Which customers have ordered `` food '' ? | ok , did you want to just return their names ? | Yes . I just want to know the names of which customers have placed orders under the category `` food '' Of the names listed in the table , which of them have an item status listed as `` cancel '' ?
Which customers have ordered `` food '' ? | ok , did you want to just return their names ? | Yes . I just want to know the names of which customers have placed orders under the category `` food '' Of the names listed in the table , which of them have an item status listed as `` cancel '' ? How many customers have cancelled orders ? | Do you mean the customers in the previous result ? | yes
Which customers have ordered `` food '' ? | ok , did you want to just return their names ? | Yes . I just want to know the names of which customers have placed orders under the category `` food '' Of the names listed in the table , which of them have an item status listed as `` cancel '' ? How many customers have cancelled orders ? | Do you mean the customers in the previous result ? | yes List the names of customers who have once canceled the purchase of the product "food" (the item status is "Cancel").
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 ?
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 ? What are id and name of the products whose price is higher than 900 ?
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 ? What are id and name of the products whose price is higher than 900 ? How many products have price lower than 600 or higher than 900 ?
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 ? What are id and name of the products whose price is higher than 900 ? How many products have price lower than 600 or higher than 900 ? What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 or higher than 900?
What is the average price of all products ?
What is the average price of all products ? And what is the average price for each company ?
What is the average price of all products ? And what is the average price for each company ? What are all companies names ?
What is the average price of all products ? And what is the average price for each company ? What are all companies names ? And what are their headquarters ?
What is the average price of all products ? And what is the average price for each company ? What are all companies names ? And what are their headquarters ? Find the average prices of all products from each manufacture, and list each company's name.
how many artists do you have ?
how many artists do you have ? What are their names ?
how many artists do you have ? What are their names ? how many albums does AC/DC have ?
how many artists do you have ? What are their names ? how many albums does AC/DC have ? And for Metallica ?
how many artists do you have ? What are their names ? how many albums does AC/DC have ? And for Metallica ? Hom many albums does the artist "Metallica" have?
what are all games are presented on the table | What kind of infromation for the games do you want ? | i want to how many teams on the game
what are all games are presented on the table | What kind of infromation for the games do you want ? | i want to how many teams on the game which player are played in highest number of matches
what are all games are presented on the table | What kind of infromation for the games do you want ? | i want to how many teams on the game which player are played in highest number of matches For each injury accident, find the date of the game and the name of the injured player in the game, and sort the results in descending order of game season.
Can you give me a list of documents that do n't have any images ? | Do you want document code ? | I 'd like both the document code and document name , please .
Can you give me a list of documents that do n't have any images ? | Do you want document code ? | I 'd like both the document code and document name , please . That 's great . Can you tell me the total number of documents that do have images ?
Can you give me a list of documents that do n't have any images ? | Do you want document code ? | I 'd like both the document code and document name , please . That 's great . Can you tell me the total number of documents that do have images ? What types of documents are these ?
Can you give me a list of documents that do n't have any images ? | Do you want document code ? | I 'd like both the document code and document name , please . That 's great . Can you tell me the total number of documents that do have images ? What types of documents are these ? Find names of the document without any images.
What are the First names of students living in smith hall ?
What are the First names of students living in smith hall ? Last name of Tracy | Did you want the last name of the student with first name Tracy ? | Yes
What are the First names of students living in smith hall ? Last name of Tracy | Did you want the last name of the student with first name Tracy ? | Yes What is the city code of student Tracy kim ?
What are the First names of students living in smith hall ? Last name of Tracy | Did you want the last name of the student with first name Tracy ? | Yes What is the city code of student Tracy kim ? What is the Student capacity of Smith Hall ?
What are the First names of students living in smith hall ? Last name of Tracy | Did you want the last name of the student with first name Tracy ? | Yes What is the city code of student Tracy kim ? What is the Student capacity of Smith Hall ? Find the first name of students who are living in the Smith Hall.
What is the lowest and highest rating star ?
What is the lowest and highest rating star ? What is the movie id and rating date of the movie with 5 stars ?
What is the lowest and highest rating star ? What is the movie id and rating date of the movie with 5 stars ? Now show me the movie id and rating dates of the movie with 2 stars ?
What is the lowest and highest rating star ? What is the movie id and rating date of the movie with 5 stars ? Now show me the movie id and rating dates of the movie with 2 stars ? What is the earliest rating date ?
What is the lowest and highest rating star ? What is the movie id and rating date of the movie with 5 stars ? Now show me the movie id and rating dates of the movie with 2 stars ? What is the earliest rating date ? What is the most recent rating date ?
What is the lowest and highest rating star ? What is the movie id and rating date of the movie with 5 stars ? Now show me the movie id and rating dates of the movie with 2 stars ? What is the earliest rating date ? What is the most recent rating date ? What is the lowest and highest rating star?
what are the elimination time of wrestlers
what are the elimination time of wrestlers What are the names of the wrestlers and their elimination times ?
what are the elimination time of wrestlers What are the names of the wrestlers and their elimination times ? What are the names of wresters and their elimination times whose days held is greater than 50 ?
what are the elimination time of wrestlers What are the names of the wrestlers and their elimination times ? What are the names of wresters and their elimination times whose days held is greater than 50 ? Show times of elimination of wrestlers with days held more than 50.
what is the name of the customer of customer code 401
what is the name of the customer of customer code 401 what is address of the customer Ahmed ?
what is the name of the customer of customer code 401 what is address of the customer Ahmed ? what is the address of the customer lukas ?
what is the name of the customer of customer code 401 what is address of the customer Ahmed ? what is the address of the customer lukas ? what is customer code of lukas ?
what is the name of the customer of customer code 401 what is address of the customer Ahmed ? what is the address of the customer lukas ? what is customer code of lukas ? Find the name and address of the customers who have both New and Pending orders.
List the state and enrollment of all the colleges where any students got accepted in the tryout decision .
List the state and enrollment of all the colleges where any students got accepted in the tryout decision . What are the states and names of the colleges that all the goalies tried out for ?
List the state and enrollment of all the colleges where any students got accepted in the tryout decision . What are the states and names of the colleges that all the goalies tried out for ? What are the states and names of all colleges that did n't accept students in the tryout decision ?
List the state and enrollment of all the colleges where any students got accepted in the tryout decision . What are the states and names of the colleges that all the goalies tried out for ? What are the states and names of all colleges that did n't accept students in the tryout decision ? What is the state and enrollment of the colleges where have any students who got accepted in the tryout decision.
How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` cumin '' have ?
How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` cumin '' have ? How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` basil '' have ?
How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` cumin '' have ? How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` basil '' have ? Sure thing ! Whats the typical selling price of cumin ?
How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` cumin '' have ? How many distinct characteristic names does the product `` basil '' have ? Sure thing ! Whats the typical selling price of cumin ? How many distinct characteristic names does the product "cumin" have?
what is the location of Bootup Baltimore
what is the location of Bootup Baltimore how many female students are presented on the table
what is the location of Bootup Baltimore how many female students are presented on the table what is the major of Tracy
what is the location of Bootup Baltimore how many female students are presented on the table what is the major of Tracy Find all the male members of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises". Show the first name and last name.
How long is the longest relationship ?
How long is the longest relationship ? What is the name of that person ?
How long is the longest relationship ? What is the name of that person ? Who is his friend ?
How long is the longest relationship ? What is the name of that person ? Who is his friend ? Who is the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name Who is head id 1 ?
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name Who is head id 1 ? What is Tiger woods 's born state
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name Who is head id 1 ? What is Tiger woods 's born state what is Tiger woods 's age
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name Who is head id 1 ? What is Tiger woods 's born state what is Tiger woods 's age who is the oldest head
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name Who is head id 1 ? What is Tiger woods 's born state what is Tiger woods 's age who is the oldest head how many heads from Alabama ?
Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name Who is head id 1 ? What is Tiger woods 's born state what is Tiger woods 's age who is the oldest head how many heads from Alabama ? Which head's name has the substring 'Ha'? List the id and name.
Hello ! Can you tell me which role code has the largest number of employees associated with it ?
Hello ! Can you tell me which role code has the largest number of employees associated with it ? Great ! Can you tell me how many employees have ED as their Role_code ?
Hello ! Can you tell me which role code has the largest number of employees associated with it ? Great ! Can you tell me how many employees have ED as their Role_code ? Excellent ! Would you be able to provide me with a list of the names and genders of those 7 employees ?
Hello ! Can you tell me which role code has the largest number of employees associated with it ? Great ! Can you tell me how many employees have ED as their Role_code ? Excellent ! Would you be able to provide me with a list of the names and genders of those 7 employees ? What is the role code with the largest number of employees?
What is the savings balance for Wang ?
What is the savings balance for Wang ? Find the total saving balance for each account name.
Which nations have hosts older than 45 ?
Which nations have hosts older than 45 ? Which nations have hosts younger than 35 ?
Which nations have hosts older than 45 ? Which nations have hosts younger than 35 ? Which nation has hosts both older than 45 and younger than 35 ?
Which nations have hosts older than 45 ? Which nations have hosts younger than 35 ? Which nation has hosts both older than 45 and younger than 35 ? Show the nations that have both hosts older than 45 and hosts younger than 35.
Which departments get a commission percentage ?
Which departments get a commission percentage ? How many employees in these departments get a commission percentage ?
Which departments get a commission percentage ? How many employees in these departments get a commission percentage ? By department , display average salary of employees who get a commission percentage
Which departments get a commission percentage ? How many employees in these departments get a commission percentage ? By department , display average salary of employees who get a commission percentage display the average salary of employees for each department who gets a commission percentage.
What is the total number of staff members ?
What is the total number of staff members ? What is the last name of the staff member with the first name `` Janessa '' ?
What is the total number of staff members ? What is the last name of the staff member with the first name `` Janessa '' ? What is the birthday of the staff member with the first and last name as Janessa and Sawayn ?
What is the total number of staff members ? What is the last name of the staff member with the first name `` Janessa '' ? What is the birthday of the staff member with the first and last name as Janessa and Sawayn ? What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
list the authors have submissions
list the authors have submissions show me the list of authors who have submissions to workshop .
list the authors have submissions show me the list of authors who have submissions to workshop . list the authors who have submissions to more than one workshop .
list the authors have submissions show me the list of authors who have submissions to workshop . list the authors who have submissions to more than one workshop . Show the authors who have submissions to more than one workshop.
How many characteristics does the product named `` sesame '' have ?
How many characteristics does the product named `` sesame '' have ? What are the characteristic ids of those ? Sorry !
How many characteristics does the product named `` sesame '' have ? What are the characteristic ids of those ? Sorry ! What is sesame 's typical selling price ?
How many characteristics does the product named `` sesame '' have ? What are the characteristic ids of those ? Sorry ! What is sesame 's typical selling price ? What the most common characteristic id ?
How many characteristics does the product named `` sesame '' have ? What are the characteristic ids of those ? Sorry ! What is sesame 's typical selling price ? What the most common characteristic id ? What is the least common product category code ?
How many characteristics does the product named `` sesame '' have ? What are the characteristic ids of those ? Sorry ! What is sesame 's typical selling price ? What the most common characteristic id ? What is the least common product category code ? How many characteristics does the product named "sesame" have?
Show the country of appelations Alexander Valley ?
Show the country of appelations Alexander Valley ? Show the maximum price of wins from the appelations in central Coast area and produced before thebyear of 2005 ?
Show the country of appelations Alexander Valley ? Show the maximum price of wins from the appelations in central Coast area and produced before thebyear of 2005 ? Show the country of appelations Amador County ?
Show the country of appelations Alexander Valley ? Show the maximum price of wins from the appelations in central Coast area and produced before thebyear of 2005 ? Show the country of appelations Amador County ? Find the maximum price of wins from the appelations in Central Coast area and produced before the year of 2005.
How many length of park Kemah Boardwalk ? | Did you mean to ask for the length of the park with name Kemah Boardwalk ? | Yes
How many length of park Kemah Boardwalk ? | Did you mean to ask for the length of the park with name Kemah Boardwalk ? | Yes Find the status of Happy Valley .
How many length of park Kemah Boardwalk ? | Did you mean to ask for the length of the park with name Kemah Boardwalk ? | Yes Find the status of Happy Valley . What are the country id of Hades 360 ?
How many length of park Kemah Boardwalk ? | Did you mean to ask for the length of the park with name Kemah Boardwalk ? | Yes Find the status of Happy Valley . What are the country id of Hades 360 ? What are the speeds of the longest roller coaster ?
How many length of park Kemah Boardwalk ? | Did you mean to ask for the length of the park with name Kemah Boardwalk ? | Yes Find the status of Happy Valley . What are the country id of Hades 360 ? What are the speeds of the longest roller coaster ? What are the speeds of the longest roller coaster?
Please show me the headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry ?
Please show me the headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry ? What companies are in the banking industry ?
Please show me the headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry ? What companies are in the banking industry ? Where are those companies ' headquarters located ?
Please show me the headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry ? What companies are in the banking industry ? Where are those companies ' headquarters located ? Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry.
How many orders are there ?
How many orders are there ? How many different customers are there ?
How many orders are there ? How many different customers are there ? What is the name of the customer who has the largest number of orders ?
How many orders are there ? How many different customers are there ? What is the name of the customer who has the largest number of orders ? What is the name of the customer who has the largest number of orders?
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim ?
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim ? What is the amount claimed for this customer ?
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim ? What is the amount claimed for this customer ? Can you also give me the name of the customer who has made the maximum amount of payment in one claim ?
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim ? What is the amount claimed for this customer ? Can you also give me the name of the customer who has made the maximum amount of payment in one claim ? Hmmm . Can you please give me the claimed amount for this customer
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim ? What is the amount claimed for this customer ? Can you also give me the name of the customer who has made the maximum amount of payment in one claim ? Hmmm . Can you please give me the claimed amount for this customer What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim?
out of those show me prices higher than 30 | The names of all wines that have prices both higher than some wines from John Anthony winery and higher than 30 are shown in the table | One last question . out of those show me cases higher than 300
out of those show me prices higher than 30 | The names of all wines that have prices both higher than some wines from John Anthony winery and higher than 30 are shown in the table | One last question . out of those show me cases higher than 300 Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery.
How many cinemas are there in total ?
How many cinemas are there in total ? What is the average capacity ?
How many cinemas are there in total ? What is the average capacity ? How many cinemas have above average capacity ?
How many cinemas are there in total ? What is the average capacity ? How many cinemas have above average capacity ? What is the name and location of the 2 cinemas with above average capacity ?
How many cinemas are there in total ? What is the average capacity ? How many cinemas have above average capacity ? What is the name and location of the 2 cinemas with above average capacity ? Show the cinema name and location for cinemas with capacity above average.
How many master customer ID numbers are there ?
How many master customer ID numbers are there ? What are the master index IDs for all except whose detail includes Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ?
How many master customer ID numbers are there ? What are the master index IDs for all except whose detail includes Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ? What are their cmi cross reference IDs ?
How many master customer ID numbers are there ? What are the master index IDs for all except whose detail includes Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ? What are their cmi cross reference IDs ? What are their respective source system codes ?
How many master customer ID numbers are there ? What are the master index IDs for all except whose detail includes Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ? What are their cmi cross reference IDs ? What are their respective source system codes ? What are the renters arrears tax IDs associated with them ?
How many master customer ID numbers are there ? What are the master index IDs for all except whose detail includes Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ? What are their cmi cross reference IDs ? What are their respective source system codes ? What are the renters arrears tax IDs associated with them ? What are the renting arrears tax ids related to the customer master index whose detail is not 'Schmidt, Kertzmann and Lubowitz'?
Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' ?
Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ?
Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' and with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ?
Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' and with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? What are the interfaces of those products ?
Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' and with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? What are the interfaces of those products ? What are the dimensions of those products ?
Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' and with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? What are the interfaces of those products ? What are the dimensions of those products ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color larger than 5 ?
Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? Could you please find the products with the max page size as `` A4 '' and with the pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? What are the interfaces of those products ? What are the dimensions of those products ? Could you please find the products with the pages per minute color larger than 5 ? Find products with max page size as "A4" and pages per minute color smaller than 5.
What are all of the lots ?
What are all of the lots ? Which lots are not used in any transactions ? | do you mean the id of lots or the details of lot | The id of the lots please .
What are all of the lots ? Which lots are not used in any transactions ? | do you mean the id of lots or the details of lot | The id of the lots please . What are the details of the lots which are n't used in any transactions ?
What are all of the lots ? Which lots are not used in any transactions ? | do you mean the id of lots or the details of lot | The id of the lots please . What are the details of the lots which are n't used in any transactions ? What are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions?
Who are the delegates on the Appropriations committee ?
Who are the delegates on the Appropriations committee ? What counties are they from ?
Who are the delegates on the Appropriations committee ? What counties are they from ? What districts are they from ?
Who are the delegates on the Appropriations committee ? What counties are they from ? What districts are they from ? What are the populations of the counties they come from , please ?
Who are the delegates on the Appropriations committee ? What counties are they from ? What districts are they from ? What are the populations of the counties they come from , please ? What are the names of the county that the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to?
Which city has most number of customers ?
Which city has most number of customers ? How many customers does it have ?
Which city has most number of customers ? How many customers does it have ? Give me the names of those customers
Which city has most number of customers ? How many customers does it have ? Give me the names of those customers Which city does has most number of customers?
What are the names and distances of aircraft that have more than 5000 distance ?
What are the names and distances of aircraft that have more than 5000 distance ? What are the names and distances of aircraft that have more than 5000 distance and there are at least 5 people who have its certificate ?
What are the names and distances of aircraft that have more than 5000 distance ? What are the names and distances of aircraft that have more than 5000 distance and there are at least 5 people who have its certificate ? What is the employee ID of the employee who flew the longest distance ?
What are the names and distances of aircraft that have more than 5000 distance ? What are the names and distances of aircraft that have more than 5000 distance and there are at least 5 people who have its certificate ? What is the employee ID of the employee who flew the longest distance ? Show the name and distance of the aircrafts with more than 5000 distance and which at least 5 people have its certificate.
Which colleges students played in the try out in striker position ?
Which colleges students played in the try out in striker position ? And in which state is it located ?
Which colleges students played in the try out in striker position ? And in which state is it located ? How about it 's enrollment number ?
Which colleges students played in the try out in striker position ? And in which state is it located ? How about it 's enrollment number ? Find the states of the colleges that have students in the tryout who played in striker position.
How many different markets are there ?
How many different markets are there ? How many different phones are there ?
How many different markets are there ? How many different phones are there ? Which phone is sold in the most different markets ?
How many different markets are there ? How many different phones are there ? Which phone is sold in the most different markets ? How many phones are not available in any markets ?
How many different markets are there ? How many different phones are there ? Which phone is sold in the most different markets ? How many phones are not available in any markets ? What is the name of that phone ?
How many different markets are there ? How many different phones are there ? Which phone is sold in the most different markets ? How many phones are not available in any markets ? What is the name of that phone ? List the names of phones that are not on any market.
How many companies are there ?
How many companies are there ? What are their founder names ?
How many companies are there ? What are their founder names ? Show founder names that begin with letter `` S '' | Did you mean founder ‘ s name that begin with letter 'S ' ? | yes
How many companies are there ? What are their founder names ? Show founder names that begin with letter `` S '' | Did you mean founder ‘ s name that begin with letter 'S ' ? | yes Ok , than show all companies headquarters
How many companies are there ? What are their founder names ? Show founder names that begin with letter `` S '' | Did you mean founder ‘ s name that begin with letter 'S ' ? | yes Ok , than show all companies headquarters Find the founder of the company whose name begins with the letter 'S'.
Hello , can you provide me with the names of the donors ?
Hello , can you provide me with the names of the donors ? How many donors were there total ?
Hello , can you provide me with the names of the donors ? How many donors were there total ? Show the names of all the donors except those whose donation amount less than 9.
what is the savings balance of id 1 ? | Did you mean the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | yes
what is the savings balance of id 1 ? | Did you mean the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | yes what is the total checking and saving balance of all accounts ?
what is the savings balance of id 1 ? | Did you mean the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | yes what is the total checking and saving balance of all accounts ? what is the sorted list of total checking and savings balance by ascending order ?
what is the savings balance of id 1 ? | Did you mean the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | yes what is the total checking and saving balance of all accounts ? what is the sorted list of total checking and savings balance by ascending order ? Find the total checking and saving balance of all accounts sorted by the total balance in ascending order.
What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World cup qualification '' hosted by `` Hangzou '' ?
What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World cup qualification '' hosted by `` Hangzou '' ? ok. What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' hosted by `` Nanjing '' ( Jiangsu ) '' ?
What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World cup qualification '' hosted by `` Hangzou '' ? ok. What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' hosted by `` Nanjing '' ( Jiangsu ) '' ? What is the GDP of the city Shanghai in the table ?
What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World cup qualification '' hosted by `` Hangzou '' ? ok. What is the venue of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' hosted by `` Nanjing '' ( Jiangsu ) '' ? What is the GDP of the city Shanghai in the table ? What is the venue of the competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification" hosted by "Nanjing ( Jiangsu )"?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all building names ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all building names ? Great ! Can you update the list to show the number of different institutions in each building ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all building names ? Great ! Can you update the list to show the number of different institutions in each building ? Thanks ! I would be fine just know which is the tallest building . | Do you mean you want to know the name of the tallest building ? Or anything else ? | Yes ! I want to know the name of the tallest building please .
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all building names ? Great ! Can you update the list to show the number of different institutions in each building ? Thanks ! I would be fine just know which is the tallest building . | Do you mean you want to know the name of the tallest building ? Or anything else ? | Yes ! I want to know the name of the tallest building please . For each building, show the name of the building and the number of institutions in it.
Hello , what courses are currently being taught ?
Hello , what courses are currently being taught ? Can you please show which instructors are teaching those courses ?
Hello , what courses are currently being taught ? Can you please show which instructors are teaching those courses ? Can you please show me the current courses being taught with the last name of the instructor teaching them ?
Hello , what courses are currently being taught ? Can you please show which instructors are teaching those courses ? Can you please show me the current courses being taught with the last name of the instructor teaching them ? Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course description.
List the name of all suppliers in alphabetical order of their addresses .
List the name of all suppliers in alphabetical order of their addresses . And their phone numbers ?
List the name of all suppliers in alphabetical order of their addresses . And their phone numbers ? What states is Tesco located in ? | do you mean the address id or the address details ? | The address details .
List the name of all suppliers in alphabetical order of their addresses . And their phone numbers ? What states is Tesco located in ? | do you mean the address id or the address details ? | The address details . How about Lidl ?
List the name of all suppliers in alphabetical order of their addresses . And their phone numbers ? What states is Tesco located in ? | do you mean the address id or the address details ? | The address details . How about Lidl ? List the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses.
can you show me a list of active from date ?
can you show me a list of active from date ? can you show me a list of active to date ?
can you show me a list of active from date ? can you show me a list of active to date ? which one the first active to date ?
can you show me a list of active from date ? can you show me a list of active to date ? which one the first active to date ? What is the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel that was active for the longest time?
What are the dock count of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ?
What are the dock count of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ? What are the bike id of zip code 94041 ?
What are the dock count of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ? What are the bike id of zip code 94041 ? How many dock stations are there in San Jose ? | Do you mean the total dock counts of all stations in city San Jose ? | Yes
What are the dock count of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ? What are the bike id of zip code 94041 ? How many dock stations are there in San Jose ? | Do you mean the total dock counts of all stations in city San Jose ? | Yes For each station , return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station .
What are the dock count of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ? What are the bike id of zip code 94041 ? How many dock stations are there in San Jose ? | Do you mean the total dock counts of all stations in city San Jose ? | Yes For each station , return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station . For each station, return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station.
Hello ! Can you show a list of all publishers who did not publish any books in 1989 ?
Hello ! Can you show a list of all publishers who did not publish any books in 1989 ? Thank you ! Can you show me a list of all of the book titles published by Alyson ?
Hello ! Can you show a list of all publishers who did not publish any books in 1989 ? Thank you ! Can you show me a list of all of the book titles published by Alyson ? Thanks ! Can you update that list to show the years that those 3 books were published and what category they fall under ?
Hello ! Can you show a list of all publishers who did not publish any books in 1989 ? Thank you ! Can you show me a list of all of the book titles published by Alyson ? Thanks ! Can you update that list to show the years that those 3 books were published and what category they fall under ? Show all publishers which do not have a book in 1989.
How many clubs do you have ?
How many clubs do you have ? How many members does each club have ?
How many clubs do you have ? How many members does each club have ? Finally , can you list the clubs that have `` Davis Steven '' as a member ?
How many clubs do you have ? How many members does each club have ? Finally , can you list the clubs that have `` Davis Steven '' as a member ? List the clubs having "Davis Steven" as a member.
what is the dimenson of Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ?
what is the dimenson of Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? how many pages per minute colored in Xerox Travel Scanner 100 ?
what is the dimenson of Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? how many pages per minute colored in Xerox Travel Scanner 100 ? what is the max page size can be used in Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ?
what is the dimenson of Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? how many pages per minute colored in Xerox Travel Scanner 100 ? what is the max page size can be used in Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? what is the dpi of Fujitsu fi-6130 A4 Series Scanner ?
what is the dimenson of Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? how many pages per minute colored in Xerox Travel Scanner 100 ? what is the max page size can be used in Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? what is the dpi of Fujitsu fi-6130 A4 Series Scanner ? which product coloured the highest pages in a minute ?
what is the dimenson of Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? how many pages per minute colored in Xerox Travel Scanner 100 ? what is the max page size can be used in Plustek MobileOffice D28 Corporate ? what is the dpi of Fujitsu fi-6130 A4 Series Scanner ? which product coloured the highest pages in a minute ? Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size.
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes ?
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes ? How many enzymes can Aripiprazole interact with ?
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes ? How many enzymes can Aripiprazole interact with ? * I have left the chat *
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes ? How many enzymes can Aripiprazole interact with ? * I have left the chat * What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes?
hi . I would like to know how many users are followed by Mary ?
hi . I would like to know how many users are followed by Mary ? and how many are followed by Susan ?
hi . I would like to know how many users are followed by Mary ? and how many are followed by Susan ? can you tell me the Id of these users ?
hi . I would like to know how many users are followed by Mary ? and how many are followed by Susan ? can you tell me the Id of these users ? and the user id followed by Mary ?
hi . I would like to know how many users are followed by Mary ? and how many are followed by Susan ? can you tell me the Id of these users ? and the user id followed by Mary ? Find the id of users who are followed by Mary or Susan.
What is the name of the nurse who has the most appointments ?
What is the name of the nurse who has the most appointments ? What is her employee ID ?
What is the name of the nurse who has the most appointments ? What is her employee ID ? List all nurses names in alphabetical order
What is the name of the nurse who has the most appointments ? What is her employee ID ? List all nurses names in alphabetical order What is the name of the nurse has the most appointments?
hi , List out the all color description
hi , List out the all color description list out the color code for all the product name
hi , List out the all color description list out the color code for all the product name list out the typical selling price for all product name
hi , List out the all color description list out the color code for all the product name list out the typical selling price for all product name What are the name and typical buying and selling prices of the products that have color described as "yellow"?
Can you list all the unique fault log entry ids ?
Can you list all the unique fault log entry ids ? Can you count the number of unique part fault ids that belong to each unique fault log entry id , and then add those values to the table ?
Can you list all the unique fault log entry ids ? Can you count the number of unique part fault ids that belong to each unique fault log entry id , and then add those values to the table ? Amazing , can you display only the entry with a fault log id of 1 as well as the description and record time for that entry with a fault log id of 1 ?
Can you list all the unique fault log entry ids ? Can you count the number of unique part fault ids that belong to each unique fault log entry id , and then add those values to the table ? Amazing , can you display only the entry with a fault log id of 1 as well as the description and record time for that entry with a fault log id of 1 ? Which fault log included the most number of faulty parts? List the fault log id, description and record time.
What are the first names of all guest with apartment booking status `` Confirmed '' ?
What are the first names of all guest with apartment booking status `` Confirmed '' ? And how about their last names ?
What are the first names of all guest with apartment booking status `` Confirmed '' ? And how about their last names ? And what about guests with `` Provisional '' status ?
What are the first names of all guest with apartment booking status `` Confirmed '' ? And how about their last names ? And what about guests with `` Provisional '' status ? Show the first names and last names of all the guests that have apartment bookings with status code "Confirmed".
How many trucks are in both movies and musical playlists . | Did you mean to ask for the number of tracks in both movies and music playlists ? | yes
How many trucks are in both movies and musical playlists . | Did you mean to ask for the number of tracks in both movies and music playlists ? | yes who composed For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ?
How many trucks are in both movies and musical playlists . | Did you mean to ask for the number of tracks in both movies and music playlists ? | yes who composed For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ? How long is it ?
How many trucks are in both movies and musical playlists . | Did you mean to ask for the number of tracks in both movies and music playlists ? | yes who composed For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ? How long is it ? Who wrote Fast As a Shark
How many trucks are in both movies and musical playlists . | Did you mean to ask for the number of tracks in both movies and music playlists ? | yes who composed For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ? How long is it ? Who wrote Fast As a Shark Find the name of tracks which are in both Movies and music playlists.
HOW MANY ON THE TABLE | did you mean HOW MANY player ON THE TABLE ? | YES EXACTLY
HOW MANY ON THE TABLE | did you mean HOW MANY player ON THE TABLE ? | YES EXACTLY WHAT IS BIRTH YEAR of aardsda01
HOW MANY ON THE TABLE | did you mean HOW MANY player ON THE TABLE ? | YES EXACTLY WHAT IS BIRTH YEAR of aardsda01 WHAT ARE THE MANAGER 'S FIRST NAME LAST NAME AND ID WHO WON THE MOST MANAGER AWARD
HOW MANY ON THE TABLE | did you mean HOW MANY player ON THE TABLE ? | YES EXACTLY WHAT IS BIRTH YEAR of aardsda01 WHAT ARE THE MANAGER 'S FIRST NAME LAST NAME AND ID WHO WON THE MOST MANAGER AWARD What are the manager's first name, last name and id who won the most manager award?
Are there any other categories ? | Do you mean the other category has books after year 1989 ? Gay SF/F is the only one category has books after year 1989 | Yes , that 's what I meant . How many books does Gay SF/F have after 1989 ?
Are there any other categories ? | Do you mean the other category has books after year 1989 ? Gay SF/F is the only one category has books after year 1989 | Yes , that 's what I meant . How many books does Gay SF/F have after 1989 ? List categories that have at least two books after year 1989.
Can you list the customer names and ids who have credit cards ?
Can you list the customer names and ids who have credit cards ? I want to know the customer names and how many credit cards they have ?
Can you list the customer names and ids who have credit cards ? I want to know the customer names and how many credit cards they have ? How many credit cards does Blanche Huels have ?
Can you list the customer names and ids who have credit cards ? I want to know the customer names and how many credit cards they have ? How many credit cards does Blanche Huels have ? How many credit cards does customer Blanche Huels have?
Show the team_id with highest rank ?
Show the team_id with highest rank ? Show the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason ?
Show the team_id with highest rank ? Show the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason ? Show the year of postseason with equal wins and loses ?
Show the team_id with highest rank ? Show the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason ? Show the year of postseason with equal wins and loses ? List the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason?
Tell me the Gtype of the GameID 1 ?
Tell me the Gtype of the GameID 1 ? What is the GameID of the GName RNG Stone ?
Tell me the Gtype of the GameID 1 ? What is the GameID of the GName RNG Stone ? Tell me the GName of the GType Role-playing game ?
Tell me the Gtype of the GameID 1 ? What is the GameID of the GName RNG Stone ? Tell me the GName of the GType Role-playing game ? Which game type has most number of games ?
Tell me the Gtype of the GameID 1 ? What is the GameID of the GName RNG Stone ? Tell me the GName of the GType Role-playing game ? Which game type has most number of games ? Which game type has most number of games?
how many screen mode there
how many screen mode there how many phone there
how many screen mode there how many phone there what is the company name of XPERIA T , XPERIA J
how many screen mode there how many phone there what is the company name of XPERIA T , XPERIA J List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
How many swimmers are there with record ?
How many swimmers are there with record ? How about swimmers with no record ?
How many swimmers are there with record ? How about swimmers with no record ? What their names ?
How many swimmers are there with record ? How about swimmers with no record ? What their names ? Find the names of the swimmers who have no record.
Which aircraft did not win any match ? | What information do you want about the aircrafts ? Their names , their ids , or all their information ? | Their names .
Which aircraft did not win any match ? | What information do you want about the aircrafts ? Their names , their ids , or all their information ? | Their names . Which pilot won the most matches ?
Which aircraft did not win any match ? | What information do you want about the aircrafts ? Their names , their ids , or all their information ? | Their names . Which pilot won the most matches ? Which aircraft won the most matches ?
Which aircraft did not win any match ? | What information do you want about the aircrafts ? Their names , their ids , or all their information ? | Their names . Which pilot won the most matches ? Which aircraft won the most matches ? List the names of aircrafts and that did not win any match.
Could you please list each course 's name and the number of its registered students ?
Could you please list each course 's name and the number of its registered students ? What are the student ids of all students who registered for statistics ?
Could you please list each course 's name and the number of its registered students ? What are the student ids of all students who registered for statistics ? What are their student details , please ?
Could you please list each course 's name and the number of its registered students ? What are the student ids of all students who registered for statistics ? What are their student details , please ? How many registed students do each course have? List course name and the number of their registered students?
What are the ship id of HM Cutter Avenger ?
What are the ship id of HM Cutter Avenger ? what type of Flag is used by HMS Manxman ?
What are the ship id of HM Cutter Avenger ? what type of Flag is used by HMS Manxman ? what are the Built Year of HMS Gorgon ?
What are the ship id of HM Cutter Avenger ? what type of Flag is used by HMS Manxman ? what are the Built Year of HMS Gorgon ? Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags ?
What are the ship id of HM Cutter Avenger ? what type of Flag is used by HMS Manxman ? what are the Built Year of HMS Gorgon ? Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags ? Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags.
How many parties in this table ?
How many parties in this table ? Peter Vallone in which party ?
How many parties in this table ? Peter Vallone in which party ? How many elections in this table ?
How many parties in this table ? Peter Vallone in which party ? How many elections in this table ? Carl McCall in which party ?
How many parties in this table ? Peter Vallone in which party ? How many elections in this table ? Carl McCall in which party ? What are the names of parties that have both delegates on `` Appropriations '' ?
How many parties in this table ? Peter Vallone in which party ? How many elections in this table ? Carl McCall in which party ? What are the names of parties that have both delegates on `` Appropriations '' ? What are the names of parties that have both delegates on "Appropriations" committee and
What are the names of the artists from Bangladesh ?
What are the names of the artists from Bangladesh ? Which artists from Bangladesh have never received a rating higher that 7 ?
What are the names of the artists from Bangladesh ? Which artists from Bangladesh have never received a rating higher that 7 ? Can you add their genders into the table please ?
What are the names of the artists from Bangladesh ? Which artists from Bangladesh have never received a rating higher that 7 ? Can you add their genders into the table please ? What are their preferred genres ?
What are the names of the artists from Bangladesh ? Which artists from Bangladesh have never received a rating higher that 7 ? Can you add their genders into the table please ? What are their preferred genres ? What are the names of the songs they have sung ?
What are the names of the artists from Bangladesh ? Which artists from Bangladesh have never received a rating higher that 7 ? Can you add their genders into the table please ? What are their preferred genres ? What are the names of the songs they have sung ? Find the names of the artists who are from Bangladesh and have never received rating higher than 7.
how many authorship there
how many authorship there what is the country of University of Oxford
how many authorship there what is the country of University of Oxford what is the title of paper ID 200
how many authorship there what is the country of University of Oxford what is the title of paper ID 200 Find the titles of papers whose first author is affiliated with an institution in the country "Japan" and has last name "Ohori"?
Hello , how many circuits belong to France ?
Hello , how many circuits belong to France ? Can you please provide their circuit IDs ?
Hello , how many circuits belong to France ? Can you please provide their circuit IDs ? Can you also include the location of these circuits ?
Hello , how many circuits belong to France ? Can you please provide their circuit IDs ? Can you also include the location of these circuits ? Find the id and location of circuits that belong to France or Belgium?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ? thank you , could you please also let me know their names and local authorities ?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ? thank you , could you please also let me know their names and local authorities ? that was quick , thank you again . then could you please let me know if there is any station which has less than 10 maximum precipitation ?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ? thank you , could you please also let me know their names and local authorities ? that was quick , thank you again . then could you please let me know if there is any station which has less than 10 maximum precipitation ? seems like everybody will have some rain here.. then could you please let me know what is the lowest precipitation we have on the table ?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ? thank you , could you please also let me know their names and local authorities ? that was quick , thank you again . then could you please let me know if there is any station which has less than 10 maximum precipitation ? seems like everybody will have some rain here.. then could you please let me know what is the lowest precipitation we have on the table ? could you please let me know the ID of the stations with 10 precipitation ?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ? thank you , could you please also let me know their names and local authorities ? that was quick , thank you again . then could you please let me know if there is any station which has less than 10 maximum precipitation ? seems like everybody will have some rain here.. then could you please let me know what is the lowest precipitation we have on the table ? could you please let me know the ID of the stations with 10 precipitation ? what would be the name of the station ?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ? thank you , could you please also let me know their names and local authorities ? that was quick , thank you again . then could you please let me know if there is any station which has less than 10 maximum precipitation ? seems like everybody will have some rain here.. then could you please let me know what is the lowest precipitation we have on the table ? could you please let me know the ID of the stations with 10 precipitation ? what would be the name of the station ? Then my last inquiry , could you please let me know Amersham 's high temperature and wind speed on Friday ?
Hi , can you please tell me what is the ID of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 ? thank you , could you please also let me know their names and local authorities ? that was quick , thank you again . then could you please let me know if there is any station which has less than 10 maximum precipitation ? seems like everybody will have some rain here.. then could you please let me know what is the lowest precipitation we have on the table ? could you please let me know the ID of the stations with 10 precipitation ? what would be the name of the station ? Then my last inquiry , could you please let me know Amersham 's high temperature and wind speed on Friday ? Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50.
Can you list all of the apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | do you mean the apartment ids of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | Yes , please ! I believe that 's the only discrete identifier of the apartments ( at least that I can see ) ...
Can you list all of the apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | do you mean the apartment ids of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | Yes , please ! I believe that 's the only discrete identifier of the apartments ( at least that I can see ) ... Thank you ! Can you list the facility codes for each of those apartment IDs ( 3 4 6 11 12 13 15 ) ?
Can you list all of the apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | do you mean the apartment ids of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | Yes , please ! I believe that 's the only discrete identifier of the apartments ( at least that I can see ) ... Thank you ! Can you list the facility codes for each of those apartment IDs ( 3 4 6 11 12 13 15 ) ? Can you please list the 'building id ' , 'apartment type code ' and 'apartment number ' for all apartment IDs with more than 4 bedrooms ?
Can you list all of the apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | do you mean the apartment ids of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms ? | Yes , please ! I believe that 's the only discrete identifier of the apartments ( at least that I can see ) ... Thank you ! Can you list the facility codes for each of those apartment IDs ( 3 4 6 11 12 13 15 ) ? Can you please list the 'building id ' , 'apartment type code ' and 'apartment number ' for all apartment IDs with more than 4 bedrooms ? Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of the races ?
Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of the races ? Which of these races are held after 12:00:00 ?
Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of the races ? Which of these races are held after 12:00:00 ? Can you list the races that are held before 09:00:00 ?
Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of the races ? Which of these races are held after 12:00:00 ? Can you list the races that are held before 09:00:00 ? What are the names of races held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00?
Can you list the names and ids of courses ?
Can you list the names and ids of courses ? I want to know the course names and the prerequisite ids .
Can you list the names and ids of courses ? I want to know the course names and the prerequisite ids . Hmm , please tell me the course ids that do not have any prerequisite .
Can you list the names and ids of courses ? I want to know the course names and the prerequisite ids . Hmm , please tell me the course ids that do not have any prerequisite . Find the id of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
How many heads are temporary acting ?
How many heads are temporary acting ? What are their names ?
How many heads are temporary acting ? What are their names ? What are their distinct ages ?
How many heads are temporary acting ? What are their names ? What are their distinct ages ? What are the distinct ages of the heads who are acting?
What is the id of the customer with at least 3 events ?
What is the id of the customer with at least 3 events ? What are the details for the customer with at least 3 events ?
What is the id of the customer with at least 3 events ? What are the details for the customer with at least 3 events ? What are the id and details of the customers who have at least 3 events?
How many customers have accounts ?
How many customers have accounts ? What is the customer first , last name and id with the most number of accounts ?
How many customers have accounts ? What is the customer first , last name and id with the most number of accounts ? What is the customer first , last name and id with the least number of accounts ?
How many customers have accounts ? What is the customer first , last name and id with the most number of accounts ? What is the customer first , last name and id with the least number of accounts ? What is the customer first, last name and id with least number of accounts.
what is the capacity of county wicklow
what is the capacity of county wicklow what is the average capacity
what is the capacity of county wicklow what is the average capacity find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300
what is the capacity of county wicklow what is the average capacity find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300 Find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300.
how many papers are presented on the table
how many papers are presented on the table please list out the paper id
how many papers are presented on the table please list out the paper id how many title are presented on the table
how many papers are presented on the table please list out the paper id how many title are presented on the table please list out the titles on the table
how many papers are presented on the table please list out the paper id how many title are presented on the table please list out the titles on the table Which paper's title contains the word "Database"?
can you show me a list of player position ?
can you show me a list of player position ? can you show me a list of college name ?
can you show me a list of player position ? can you show me a list of college name ? what is the average of enrollments ?
can you show me a list of player position ? can you show me a list of college name ? what is the average of enrollments ? what is the colleges ' states ?
can you show me a list of player position ? can you show me a list of college name ? what is the average of enrollments ? what is the colleges ' states ? find the names of states that have some collage plating in goalie and mid positions .
can you show me a list of player position ? can you show me a list of college name ? what is the average of enrollments ? what is the colleges ' states ? find the names of states that have some collage plating in goalie and mid positions . Find the names of states that have some college students playing in goalie and mid positions.
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the school names for all schools that are not of the Public affiliation ?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the school names for all schools that are not of the Public affiliation ? Great ! Can you update that list to include the year that the school was founded ?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the school names for all schools that are not of the Public affiliation ? Great ! Can you update that list to include the year that the school was founded ? Nice ! Can you show me a list of the names of all of the schools ?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the school names for all schools that are not of the Public affiliation ? Great ! Can you update that list to include the year that the school was founded ? Nice ! Can you show me a list of the names of all of the schools ? Wonderful ! Finally , can you update this list to show the affiliation type of each of these schools ?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the school names for all schools that are not of the Public affiliation ? Great ! Can you update that list to include the year that the school was founded ? Nice ! Can you show me a list of the names of all of the schools ? Wonderful ! Finally , can you update this list to show the affiliation type of each of these schools ? Find the founded year of the newest non public school.
please show me the names of all of the representatives
please show me the names of all of the representatives Now show narrow down the list to just those who have not been involved in an election
please show me the names of all of the representatives Now show narrow down the list to just those who have not been involved in an election now show those representatives and what party they are a member of
please show me the names of all of the representatives Now show narrow down the list to just those who have not been involved in an election now show those representatives and what party they are a member of List the names of representatives that have not participated in elections listed here.
Which of the document is described with the prefix initial ? | Document with type code APP is described with the prefix initial . | Whats is APP document description ?
Which of the document is described with the prefix initial ? | Document with type code APP is described with the prefix initial . | Whats is APP document description ? Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial'?
How many people are in the staff ?
How many people are in the staff ? How many of these people cancelled their lesson ?
How many people are in the staff ? How many of these people cancelled their lesson ? What is the first name of these people ?
How many people are in the staff ? How many of these people cancelled their lesson ? What is the first name of these people ? What is the first name of the staff who did not give any lesson?
Hi , can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50 ?
Hi , can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50 ? what about the countries with manager of age below 46 ?
Hi , can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50 ? what about the countries with manager of age below 46 ? can you please tell me how many managers Scotland has ?
Hi , can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50 ? what about the countries with manager of age below 46 ? can you please tell me how many managers Scotland has ? what about other countries ?
Hi , can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50 ? what about the countries with manager of age below 46 ? can you please tell me how many managers Scotland has ? what about other countries ? how many level 5 managers does United States have ?
Hi , can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50 ? what about the countries with manager of age below 46 ? can you please tell me how many managers Scotland has ? what about other countries ? how many level 5 managers does United States have ? and can you please tell me their names ?
Hi , can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50 ? what about the countries with manager of age below 46 ? can you please tell me how many managers Scotland has ? what about other countries ? how many level 5 managers does United States have ? and can you please tell me their names ? Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46.
what form of payment method did customer ID 1 Use ?
what form of payment method did customer ID 1 Use ? what is customer Wendell address ? | Do you mean the customer address of Wendell | what is the customer address of Wendell ?
what form of payment method did customer ID 1 Use ? what is customer Wendell address ? | Do you mean the customer address of Wendell | what is the customer address of Wendell ? Show the name and phone of the customer without any mailshot.
What is the average GPA of all students ?
What is the average GPA of all students ? What is the average GPA of all students enrolled in the course that has the code ACCT-211 ?
What is the average GPA of all students ? What is the average GPA of all students enrolled in the course that has the code ACCT-211 ? What are the grades of all the students in that course ?
What is the average GPA of all students ? What is the average GPA of all students enrolled in the course that has the code ACCT-211 ? What are the grades of all the students in that course ? What is the average gpa of the students enrolled in the course with code ACCT-211?
Yes . Can you tell me the number of employees ?
Yes . Can you tell me the number of employees ? Thank you . Can you tell me how many of them are males ?
Yes . Can you tell me the number of employees ? Thank you . Can you tell me how many of them are males ? Can you also tell me how many employees have a salary lower than 50000 ?
Yes . Can you tell me the number of employees ? Thank you . Can you tell me how many of them are males ? Can you also tell me how many employees have a salary lower than 50000 ? Ok.How many male employees have a salary lower than 50000 ?
Yes . Can you tell me the number of employees ? Thank you . Can you tell me how many of them are males ? Can you also tell me how many employees have a salary lower than 50000 ? Ok.How many male employees have a salary lower than 50000 ? Find the number of employees of each gender whose salary is lower than 50000.
What campuses were opened between 1935 and 1939 ?
What campuses were opened between 1935 and 1939 ? What campuses were opened after that ? | Do you mean opened after 1939 ? | Yes , please
What campuses were opened between 1935 and 1939 ? What campuses were opened after that ? | Do you mean opened after 1939 ? | Yes , please How many total campuses were opened ?
What campuses were opened between 1935 and 1939 ? What campuses were opened after that ? | Do you mean opened after 1939 ? | Yes , please How many total campuses were opened ? Which campus was opened between 1935 and 1939?
what is the zip code of the highest number of trips taken | What do you mean by `` highest number of trips taken '' ? | i would like to know the zip code of trips taken above 200 with humidity below 70
what is the zip code of the highest number of trips taken | What do you mean by `` highest number of trips taken '' ? | i would like to know the zip code of trips taken above 200 with humidity below 70 what end station name has the least amount of trips taken but still above 100 trips
what is the zip code of the highest number of trips taken | What do you mean by `` highest number of trips taken '' ? | i would like to know the zip code of trips taken above 200 with humidity below 70 what end station name has the least amount of trips taken but still above 100 trips the zip code 94107 what is the humidity ?
what is the zip code of the highest number of trips taken | What do you mean by `` highest number of trips taken '' ? | i would like to know the zip code of trips taken above 200 with humidity below 70 what end station name has the least amount of trips taken but still above 100 trips the zip code 94107 what is the humidity ? Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 and at least 100 trips took place.
list out the airport names
list out the airport names how many airports on this table
list out the airport names how many airports on this table what is the country of Akureyri Airport
list out the airport names how many airports on this table what is the country of Akureyri Airport what is the city of Schiphol Airport
list out the airport names how many airports on this table what is the country of Akureyri Airport what is the city of Schiphol Airport which countries have more than 2 airports?
What is the highest average monthly rental of all the students ?
What is the highest average monthly rental of all the students ? Hmm , can you tell me the addresses that have the highest average monthly rental ?
What is the highest average monthly rental of all the students ? Hmm , can you tell me the addresses that have the highest average monthly rental ? What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental ?
What is the highest average monthly rental of all the students ? Hmm , can you tell me the addresses that have the highest average monthly rental ? What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental ? What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental?
Which browsers are compatible with firefox ?
Which browsers are compatible with firefox ? WHat about with Fasterfox ?
Which browsers are compatible with firefox ? WHat about with Fasterfox ? Which browsers are compatible with CACHebox ?
Which browsers are compatible with firefox ? WHat about with Fasterfox ? Which browsers are compatible with CACHebox ? Which browsers are compatible with both ?
Which browsers are compatible with firefox ? WHat about with Fasterfox ? Which browsers are compatible with CACHebox ? Which browsers are compatible with both ? List the names of the browser that are compatible with both 'CACHEbox' and 'Fasterfox'.
which engineer made the least number of visits ? | Here are the id , first , and last names of the engineer who has the least number of visits . | how many visits did each engineer have ?
which engineer made the least number of visits ? | Here are the id , first , and last names of the engineer who has the least number of visits . | how many visits did each engineer have ? can you list the engineer id , first name , and last name of the engineer who had the least number of visits ?
which engineer made the least number of visits ? | Here are the id , first , and last names of the engineer who has the least number of visits . | how many visits did each engineer have ? can you list the engineer id , first name , and last name of the engineer who had the least number of visits ? Among those engineers who have visited, which engineer makes the least number of visits? List the engineer id, first name and last name.
Show me the names of all clubs ?
Show me the names of all clubs ? Show me the name of the club that has the id number 3 ?
Show me the names of all clubs ? Show me the name of the club that has the id number 3 ? Show me the region of the club BK Slide ?
Show me the names of all clubs ? Show me the name of the club that has the id number 3 ? Show me the region of the club BK Slide ? Show me the names of the clubs that do not have any players ?
Show me the names of all clubs ? Show me the name of the club that has the id number 3 ? Show me the region of the club BK Slide ? Show me the names of the clubs that do not have any players ? List the names of clubs that do not have any players.
What is the total number of journalists ?
What is the total number of journalists ? How many journalists have worked for more than 5 years ?
What is the total number of journalists ? How many journalists have worked for more than 5 years ? What is the name of the journalist who has worked longest ?
What is the total number of journalists ? How many journalists have worked for more than 5 years ? What is the name of the journalist who has worked longest ? Show the names of journalists that have reported more than one event.
How many apartments are there ?
How many apartments are there ? How many different facilities are there ?
How many apartments are there ? How many different facilities are there ? Can you list the different facilities ?
How many apartments are there ? How many different facilities are there ? Can you list the different facilities ? How many apartments have facilities ?
How many apartments are there ? How many different facilities are there ? Can you list the different facilities ? How many apartments have facilities ? How many apartments have no facilities ?
How many apartments are there ? How many different facilities are there ? Can you list the different facilities ? How many apartments have facilities ? How many apartments have no facilities ? How many apartments do not have any facility?
how many locations have shops that opened before 2008 ?
how many locations have shops that opened before 2008 ? how many shops opened later than 2012 ?
how many locations have shops that opened before 2008 ? how many shops opened later than 2012 ? can you show the locations for those stores ?
how many locations have shops that opened before 2008 ? how many shops opened later than 2012 ? can you show the locations for those stores ? Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008.
Can you show me a list of colleges that have an enrollment of 15,000 or higher ? | Do you want the names of the schools that have an enrollment of 15000 or higher ? | Can you provide the name and the location of the schools that have an enrollment of 15,000 or higher ?
Can you show me a list of colleges that have an enrollment of 15,000 or higher ? | Do you want the names of the schools that have an enrollment of 15000 or higher ? | Can you provide the name and the location of the schools that have an enrollment of 15,000 or higher ? What conference are these schools in ?
Can you show me a list of colleges that have an enrollment of 15,000 or higher ? | Do you want the names of the schools that have an enrollment of 15000 or higher ? | Can you provide the name and the location of the schools that have an enrollment of 15,000 or higher ? What conference are these schools in ? What is the total and minimum enrollment of all schools?
WHich country had the most competitions ?
WHich country had the most competitions ? What year did most competitions occur ?
WHich country had the most competitions ? What year did most competitions occur ? What about the most common type ?
WHich country had the most competitions ? What year did most competitions occur ? What about the most common type ? List the most common type of competition.
yes | What information do you want to know about the author ? The ID , first , or last name ? | first and last name
yes | What information do you want to know about the author ? The ID , first , or last name ? | first and last name Find the first and last name of the author(s) who wrote the paper "Nameless, Painless".
list the organisation type
list the organisation type how much grant amount in organisation id 10
list the organisation type how much grant amount in organisation id 10 Find out the send dates of the documents with the grant amount of more than 5000 were granted by organisation type described
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result `` Pass '' ?
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result `` Pass '' ? What are the student IDs of students who passed the test ?
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result `` Pass '' ? What are the student IDs of students who passed the test ? How many students passed the test ?
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result `` Pass '' ? What are the student IDs of students who passed the test ? How many students passed the test ? What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result "Pass"?
how many cities are there ?
how many cities are there ? which city has most hispanic population ?
how many cities are there ? which city has most hispanic population ? what about black ?
how many cities are there ? which city has most hispanic population ? what about black ? what about white ?
how many cities are there ? which city has most hispanic population ? what about black ? what about white ? List the names of the city with the top 5 white percentages.
Give me the list of nominees that has been nominated multiple times for musicals
Give me the list of nominees that has been nominated multiple times for musicals And what musicals were they nominated for ?
Give me the list of nominees that has been nominated multiple times for musicals And what musicals were they nominated for ? What year ( s ) were they nominated in ?
Give me the list of nominees that has been nominated multiple times for musicals And what musicals were they nominated for ? What year ( s ) were they nominated in ? Who else was also nominated in 1986 ?
Give me the list of nominees that has been nominated multiple times for musicals And what musicals were they nominated for ? What year ( s ) were they nominated in ? Who else was also nominated in 1986 ? What musicals were they nominated for ?
Give me the list of nominees that has been nominated multiple times for musicals And what musicals were they nominated for ? What year ( s ) were they nominated in ? Who else was also nominated in 1986 ? What musicals were they nominated for ? And in what categories were those nominations ?
Give me the list of nominees that has been nominated multiple times for musicals And what musicals were they nominated for ? What year ( s ) were they nominated in ? Who else was also nominated in 1986 ? What musicals were they nominated for ? And in what categories were those nominations ? List the nominees that have been nominated more than two musicals.
Hello , how many ratings have the same reviewer and director name ?
Hello , how many ratings have the same reviewer and director name ? What is the reviewer name associated with that rating ?
Hello , how many ratings have the same reviewer and director name ? What is the reviewer name associated with that rating ? What about the number of stars it received ?
Hello , how many ratings have the same reviewer and director name ? What is the reviewer name associated with that rating ? What about the number of stars it received ? For any rating where the name of reviewer is the same as the director of the movie, return the reviewer name, movie title, and number of stars.
what is the average level of membership ?
what is the average level of membership ? How many membership cards are black ?
what is the average level of membership ? How many membership cards are black ? what 's the average time of purchase for white membership card ?
what is the average level of membership ? How many membership cards are black ? what 's the average time of purchase for white membership card ? What are their names ?
what is the average level of membership ? How many membership cards are black ? what 's the average time of purchase for white membership card ? What are their names ? Which address do not have any member with the black membership card?
Which part has the least faults ?
Which part has the least faults ? How many faults does the middle have ?
Which part has the least faults ? How many faults does the middle have ? What faults does the middle have ?
Which part has the least faults ? How many faults does the middle have ? What faults does the middle have ? Which kind of part has the least number of faults? List the part name.
How many airports are there ?
How many airports are there ? How many total companies are there ?
How many airports are there ? How many total companies are there ? How many companies operate airlines in each airport ? | Do you want the result by airport id , or airport name or all airport information ? | I would like the results by airport id , please .
How many airports are there ? How many total companies are there ? How many companies operate airlines in each airport ? | Do you want the result by airport id , or airport name or all airport information ? | I would like the results by airport id , please . How many airports are in the United States ?
How many airports are there ? How many total companies are there ? How many companies operate airlines in each airport ? | Do you want the result by airport id , or airport name or all airport information ? | I would like the results by airport id , please . How many airports are in the United States ? How many companies operate in airports in the United States ?
How many airports are there ? How many total companies are there ? How many companies operate airlines in each airport ? | Do you want the result by airport id , or airport name or all airport information ? | I would like the results by airport id , please . How many airports are in the United States ? How many companies operate in airports in the United States ? How many companies operates airlines in each airport?
how many policy types are there ?
how many policy types are there ? what are those types ?
how many policy types are there ? what are those types ? how many times has a customer chosen car | There are 4 times that a customer chose a policy with type code car . | how about life ?
how many policy types are there ? what are those types ? how many times has a customer chosen car | There are 4 times that a customer chose a policy with type code car . | how about life ? what about for each of the last two policies ?
how many policy types are there ? what are those types ? how many times has a customer chosen car | There are 4 times that a customer chose a policy with type code car . | how about life ? what about for each of the last two policies ? Which of those has the highest count of customers ?
how many policy types are there ? what are those types ? how many times has a customer chosen car | There are 4 times that a customer chose a policy with type code car . | how about life ? what about for each of the last two policies ? Which of those has the highest count of customers ? And which has least ?
how many policy types are there ? what are those types ? how many times has a customer chosen car | There are 4 times that a customer chose a policy with type code car . | how about life ? what about for each of the last two policies ? Which of those has the highest count of customers ? And which has least ? Which policy had the most , again ?
how many policy types are there ? what are those types ? how many times has a customer chosen car | There are 4 times that a customer chose a policy with type code car . | how about life ? what about for each of the last two policies ? Which of those has the highest count of customers ? And which has least ? Which policy had the most , again ? Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers?
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the Zip Code where Janessa Lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the address where Janessa lived ? | Yes
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the Zip Code where Janessa Lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the address where Janessa lived ? | Yes and Camylle ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the area where the person with first name Camylle lived ? | Yes
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the Zip Code where Janessa Lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the address where Janessa lived ? | Yes and Camylle ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the area where the person with first name Camylle lived ? | Yes What is the zip postcode where Kaitlin lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the ares where the staff with first name Kaitlin lived ? | Yes
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the Zip Code where Janessa Lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the address where Janessa lived ? | Yes and Camylle ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the area where the person with first name Camylle lived ? | Yes What is the zip postcode where Kaitlin lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the ares where the staff with first name Kaitlin lived ? | Yes What is Kaitlin 's last name ? | Do you mean the last name of the staff whose first name is Kaitlin ? | Yes
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the Zip Code where Janessa Lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the address where Janessa lived ? | Yes and Camylle ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the area where the person with first name Camylle lived ? | Yes What is the zip postcode where Kaitlin lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the ares where the staff with first name Kaitlin lived ? | Yes What is Kaitlin 's last name ? | Do you mean the last name of the staff whose first name is Kaitlin ? | Yes and Janessa ? | Do you mean the last name of the staff whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the Zip Code where Janessa Lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the address where Janessa lived ? | Yes and Camylle ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the area where the person with first name Camylle lived ? | Yes What is the zip postcode where Kaitlin lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the ares where the staff with first name Kaitlin lived ? | Yes What is Kaitlin 's last name ? | Do you mean the last name of the staff whose first name is Kaitlin ? | Yes and Janessa ? | Do you mean the last name of the staff whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the zip postcode where staff named Janessa Sawayn lived ? | Do you mean the zip code of staff with first name Janessa and last name Sawayn lived ? | Yes
How many people are named Janessa ? | Do you mean the number of people whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the Zip Code where Janessa Lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the address where Janessa lived ? | Yes and Camylle ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the area where the person with first name Camylle lived ? | Yes What is the zip postcode where Kaitlin lived ? | Do you mean the zip postcode in the ares where the staff with first name Kaitlin lived ? | Yes What is Kaitlin 's last name ? | Do you mean the last name of the staff whose first name is Kaitlin ? | Yes and Janessa ? | Do you mean the last name of the staff whose first name is Janessa ? | Yes What is the zip postcode where staff named Janessa Sawayn lived ? | Do you mean the zip code of staff with first name Janessa and last name Sawayn lived ? | Yes What is the zip code of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
what are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1 ?
what are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1 ? what is the order date of order id 1 ?
what are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1 ? what is the order date of order id 1 ? Customer id of order id 1
what are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1 ? what is the order date of order id 1 ? Customer id of order id 1 what is Planned Delivery Date of customer id 516
what are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1 ? what is the order date of order id 1 ? Customer id of order id 1 what is Planned Delivery Date of customer id 516 What are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1?
list the branch for registered members ? | did you mean the ids of branches with registered members ? | yes
list the branch for registered members ? | did you mean the ids of branches with registered members ? | yes Find the membership amount of the popert ? | did you mean the membership amount of the branch with the name `` Popert '' ? | yes
list the branch for registered members ? | did you mean the ids of branches with registered members ? | yes Find the membership amount of the popert ? | did you mean the membership amount of the branch with the name `` Popert '' ? | yes List the name with registered members ? | There are the names of branches with registered members . | which city of Alexandra ?
list the branch for registered members ? | did you mean the ids of branches with registered members ? | yes Find the membership amount of the popert ? | did you mean the membership amount of the branch with the name `` Popert '' ? | yes List the name with registered members ? | There are the names of branches with registered members . | which city of Alexandra ? List the branch name and city without any registered members.
What are the names of the playlists ? Available is defined as able to be used or obtained ; at someone 's disposal
What are the names of the playlists ? Available is defined as able to be used or obtained ; at someone 's disposal How many tracks are in the playlist `` movies '' ?
What are the names of the playlists ? Available is defined as able to be used or obtained ; at someone 's disposal How many tracks are in the playlist `` movies '' ? Please list the name ( s ) of the tracks in the playlist `` Movies '' .
What are the names of the playlists ? Available is defined as able to be used or obtained ; at someone 's disposal How many tracks are in the playlist `` movies '' ? Please list the name ( s ) of the tracks in the playlist `` Movies '' . List the name of all tracks in the playlists of Movies.
what is the teacher id of detention id 1
what is the teacher id of detention id 1 when does the datetime detention end | What did you mean by the datetime detention end ? Do you want a list of all the datetime detention end or a specific one ? | for detention id 1
what is the teacher id of detention id 1 when does the datetime detention end | What did you mean by the datetime detention end ? Do you want a list of all the datetime detention end or a specific one ? | for detention id 1 what is the middle name of teacher id 1 ?
what is the teacher id of detention id 1 when does the datetime detention end | What did you mean by the datetime detention end ? Do you want a list of all the datetime detention end or a specific one ? | for detention id 1 what is the middle name of teacher id 1 ? Find the id and last name of the teacher that has the most detentions with detention type code "AFTER"?
Can you list all events that happened in 2018 ?
Can you list all events that happened in 2018 ? Can you list all the events that happened within the last 5 years ?
Can you list all events that happened in 2018 ? Can you list all the events that happened within the last 5 years ? Can you sort the list to only include the most recent event ?
Can you list all events that happened in 2018 ? Can you list all the events that happened within the last 5 years ? Can you sort the list to only include the most recent event ? What is the name of the event that happened in the most recent year?
Hi , What are the unique names of races that are held in Spain ?
Hi , What are the unique names of races that are held in Spain ? Where is the European Grand Prix held ? | Do you want to return the location , country or latitude and longitude ? | Country please .
Hi , What are the unique names of races that are held in Spain ? Where is the European Grand Prix held ? | Do you want to return the location , country or latitude and longitude ? | Country please . What year was the last European Grand Prix held in Spain ?
Hi , What are the unique names of races that are held in Spain ? Where is the European Grand Prix held ? | Do you want to return the location , country or latitude and longitude ? | Country please . What year was the last European Grand Prix held in Spain ? What are the unique names of races that held after 2000 and the circuits were in Spain?
Can you tell me which customers placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-0101 ? | do you want the id or the name of the customer ? | The names
Can you tell me which customers placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-0101 ? | do you want the id or the name of the customer ? | The names How many customers placed orders before George ?
Can you tell me which customers placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-0101 ? | do you want the id or the name of the customer ? | The names How many customers placed orders before George ? What is the status of George 's order ?
Can you tell me which customers placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-0101 ? | do you want the id or the name of the customer ? | The names How many customers placed orders before George ? What is the status of George 's order ? Give me the names of customers who have placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01.
Hi there ! From this database , what is the most popular payment method ?
Hi there ! From this database , what is the most popular payment method ? What is the most popular payment method?
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products How about for the supplier who supplies the least products ? | Did you want to get the supplier id who supplies the least products ? | I want the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the least products
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products How about for the supplier who supplies the least products ? | Did you want to get the supplier id who supplies the least products ? | I want the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the least products What is the supplier id who supplies the least products ?
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products How about for the supplier who supplies the least products ? | Did you want to get the supplier id who supplies the least products ? | I want the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the least products What is the supplier id who supplies the least products ? What is the total value purchased for supplier id 3
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products How about for the supplier who supplies the least products ? | Did you want to get the supplier id who supplies the least products ? | I want the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the least products What is the supplier id who supplies the least products ? What is the total value purchased for supplier id 3 What is the `` date supplied to '' of supplier id 3 ?
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products How about for the supplier who supplies the least products ? | Did you want to get the supplier id who supplies the least products ? | I want the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the least products What is the supplier id who supplies the least products ? What is the total value purchased for supplier id 3 What is the `` date supplied to '' of supplier id 3 ? What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products.
What are the investor name of Leonardo Binchi ?
What are the investor name of Leonardo Binchi ? What is the total amount of money requested for three persons ? | Sorry , which three persons do you want ? | The three persons are Francesco Postiglione , Leonardo Binchi and Fabrizio Buonocore
What are the investor name of Leonardo Binchi ? What is the total amount of money requested for three persons ? | Sorry , which three persons do you want ? | The three persons are Francesco Postiglione , Leonardo Binchi and Fabrizio Buonocore What is the company name of Fabrizio Buonocore ?
What are the investor name of Leonardo Binchi ? What is the total amount of money requested for three persons ? | Sorry , which three persons do you want ? | The three persons are Francesco Postiglione , Leonardo Binchi and Fabrizio Buonocore What is the company name of Fabrizio Buonocore ? What are the name of entrepreneurs whose investor is not `` Rachel Elnaugh '' ?
What are the investor name of Leonardo Binchi ? What is the total amount of money requested for three persons ? | Sorry , which three persons do you want ? | The three persons are Francesco Postiglione , Leonardo Binchi and Fabrizio Buonocore What is the company name of Fabrizio Buonocore ? What are the name of entrepreneurs whose investor is not `` Rachel Elnaugh '' ? What are the names of entrepreneurs whose investor is not "Rachel Elnaugh"?
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000 Which of those suppliers purchased less than 30000 ?
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000 Which of those suppliers purchased less than 30000 ? And how much was their average amount purchased for each product ?
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000 Which of those suppliers purchased less than 30000 ? And how much was their average amount purchased for each product ? What was their most recent date_supplied_to ?
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000 Which of those suppliers purchased less than 30000 ? And how much was their average amount purchased for each product ? What was their most recent date_supplied_to ? Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000.
Could you list all the cities in ascending alphabetical order ?
Could you list all the cities in ascending alphabetical order ? Which cities were once host cities ?
Could you list all the cities in ascending alphabetical order ? Which cities were once host cities ? Which cities had a higher temperature in Feb than in Jun or were a host city ?
Could you list all the cities in ascending alphabetical order ? Which cities were once host cities ? Which cities had a higher temperature in Feb than in Jun or were a host city ? Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun or cities that were once host cities?
Could you please tell me all the names of the journalists ?
Could you please tell me all the names of the journalists ? What are the names of the events they reported ?
Could you please tell me all the names of the journalists ? What are the names of the events they reported ? Could you please organize those in ascending order ?
Could you please tell me all the names of the journalists ? What are the names of the events they reported ? Could you please organize those in ascending order ? What work type do those journalists do ?
Could you please tell me all the names of the journalists ? What are the names of the events they reported ? Could you please organize those in ascending order ? What work type do those journalists do ? How many years have they each been working , please ?
Could you please tell me all the names of the journalists ? What are the names of the events they reported ? Could you please organize those in ascending order ? What work type do those journalists do ? How many years have they each been working , please ? Show the names of journalists and the names of the events they reported in ascending order
how manty editors are there ?
how manty editors are there ? how about the total number of companies ?
how manty editors are there ? how about the total number of companies ? which company did Alyson published a book for ?
how manty editors are there ? how about the total number of companies ? which company did Alyson published a book for ? List all company names with a book published by Alyson.
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks ?
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks ? How many parks are in Atlanta ?
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks ? How many parks are in Atlanta ? Which cities have exactly 4 parks ?
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks ? How many parks are in Atlanta ? Which cities have exactly 4 parks ? Which cities have exactly 3 parks ?
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks ? How many parks are in Atlanta ? Which cities have exactly 4 parks ? Which cities have exactly 3 parks ? Which cities have exactly 2 parks ?
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks ? How many parks are in Atlanta ? Which cities have exactly 4 parks ? Which cities have exactly 3 parks ? Which cities have exactly 2 parks ? Which cities have 2 to 4 parks?
how many employees there
how many employees there what is the employee DOB of employee no 101
how many employees there what is the employee DOB of employee no 101 how many class is there
how many employees there what is the employee DOB of employee no 101 how many class is there What are the first names of the professors who do not teach a class.
what is the school code of emp num 114
what is the school code of emp num 114 what is the school code of fine arts
what is the school code of emp num 114 what is the school code of fine arts what is the dept address of accounting
what is the school code of emp num 114 what is the school code of fine arts what is the dept address of accounting what is the prof extension of hist
what is the school code of emp num 114 what is the school code of fine arts what is the dept address of accounting what is the prof extension of hist Which school has the smallest amount of professors?
what are the characteristic names of `` Cumin '' ?
what are the characteristic names of `` Cumin '' ? `` Cumin '' data types
what are the characteristic names of `` Cumin '' ? `` Cumin '' data types what is the product id of `` cumin '' ?
what are the characteristic names of `` Cumin '' ? `` Cumin '' data types what is the product id of `` cumin '' ? what is the product_category_code for product id 1 ?
what are the characteristic names of `` Cumin '' ? `` Cumin '' data types what is the product id of `` cumin '' ? what is the product_category_code for product id 1 ? what is the typical_selling_price of product id 1 ?
what are the characteristic names of `` Cumin '' ? `` Cumin '' data types what is the product id of `` cumin '' ? what is the product_category_code for product id 1 ? what is the typical_selling_price of product id 1 ? List all the characteristic names and data types of product "cumin".
show the info of students whose GPA is below 3 ?
show the info of students whose GPA is below 3 ? how about those whose GPA is greater than 3 ?
show the info of students whose GPA is below 3 ? how about those whose GPA is greater than 3 ? Who is the youngest ? | Did you mean the youngest students whose GPA is higher than 3 ? | Yes , please .
show the info of students whose GPA is below 3 ? how about those whose GPA is greater than 3 ? Who is the youngest ? | Did you mean the youngest students whose GPA is higher than 3 ? | Yes , please . please just show the first , last name , and gpa .
show the info of students whose GPA is below 3 ? how about those whose GPA is greater than 3 ? Who is the youngest ? | Did you mean the youngest students whose GPA is higher than 3 ? | Yes , please . please just show the first , last name , and gpa . What is the first, last name, gpa of the youngest one among students whose GPA is above 3?
What are the result descriptions of the project whose detail is `` sint '' ?
What are the result descriptions of the project whose detail is `` sint '' ? What are the project details of all of those project ids ?
What are the result descriptions of the project whose detail is `` sint '' ? What are the project details of all of those project ids ? What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sint'?
What are the average age of all the members of the tennis club
What are the average age of all the members of the tennis club Give me the first names and last names of all the members of the tennis club
What are the average age of all the members of the tennis club Give me the first names and last names of all the members of the tennis club Can i have the city code of all members of the tennis club
What are the average age of all the members of the tennis club Give me the first names and last names of all the members of the tennis club Can i have the city code of all members of the tennis club Give me the position of the member in the tennis club
What are the average age of all the members of the tennis club Give me the first names and last names of all the members of the tennis club Can i have the city code of all members of the tennis club Give me the position of the member in the tennis club Retrieve the average age of members of the club "Tennis Club".
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player names ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player names ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter the list to show the names of only the players whose decision is `` yes '' ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player names ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter the list to show the names of only the players whose decision is `` yes '' ? Perfect ! Can you update this list to show the college names associated with each of these 2 players ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player names ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter the list to show the names of only the players whose decision is `` yes '' ? Perfect ! Can you update this list to show the college names associated with each of these 2 players ? Find the name and hours of the students whose tryout decision is yes.
State the location of flower awards held ?
State the location of flower awards held ? Which festival has the least number of audience ?
State the location of flower awards held ? Which festival has the least number of audience ? What is the name of artwork id 2 ?
State the location of flower awards held ? Which festival has the least number of audience ? What is the name of artwork id 2 ? Show distinct types of artworks that are nominated in festivals in 2007.
What are the paper id of Gibbons ?
What are the paper id of Gibbons ? Who studied at Norterstein University ? | did You mean list the name of authors who belong to the institution `` Northeastern University '' | Yes
What are the paper id of Gibbons ? Who studied at Norterstein University ? | did You mean list the name of authors who belong to the institution `` Northeastern University '' | Yes What are the auth id of Ralf ?
What are the paper id of Gibbons ? Who studied at Norterstein University ? | did You mean list the name of authors who belong to the institution `` Northeastern University '' | Yes What are the auth id of Ralf ? Which authors belong to the institution `` Google '' ? Show the first names and last names ?
What are the paper id of Gibbons ? Who studied at Norterstein University ? | did You mean list the name of authors who belong to the institution `` Northeastern University '' | Yes What are the auth id of Ralf ? Which authors belong to the institution `` Google '' ? Show the first names and last names ? Which authors belong to the institution "Google"? Show the first names and last names.
What are all the names of the departments ?
What are all the names of the departments ? How many employees are in the General Medicine department ?
What are all the names of the departments ? How many employees are in the General Medicine department ? Please show which departments have greater than 4 employees
What are all the names of the departments ? How many employees are in the General Medicine department ? Please show which departments have greater than 4 employees Which of these has the largest number of employees ?
What are all the names of the departments ? How many employees are in the General Medicine department ? Please show which departments have greater than 4 employees Which of these has the largest number of employees ? Which department has the largest number of employees?
Tell me the artist id and album id for title Balls to the Wall ?
Tell me the artist id and album id for title Balls to the Wall ? k. Who is the composer for For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ?
Tell me the artist id and album id for title Balls to the Wall ? k. Who is the composer for For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ? k. Who is the composer for Balls to the Wall ?
Tell me the artist id and album id for title Balls to the Wall ? k. Who is the composer for For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ? k. Who is the composer for Balls to the Wall ? * I have left the chat *
Tell me the artist id and album id for title Balls to the Wall ? k. Who is the composer for For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) ? k. Who is the composer for Balls to the Wall ? * I have left the chat * Show the album names, ids and the number of tracks for each album.
show me the customer name of the order that have the status `` cancelled ''
show me the customer name of the order that have the status `` cancelled '' name the customer which have 15 as customer id ?
show me the customer name of the order that have the status `` cancelled '' name the customer which have 15 as customer id ? find the customer name of the order that have status `` delivered ''
show me the customer name of the order that have the status `` cancelled '' name the customer which have 15 as customer id ? find the customer name of the order that have status `` delivered '' find the customer date of the orders that have the status '' delivered '' | did you mean the order date ? | yes
show me the customer name of the order that have the status `` cancelled '' name the customer which have 15 as customer id ? find the customer name of the order that have status `` delivered '' find the customer date of the orders that have the status '' delivered '' | did you mean the order date ? | yes Find the customer name and date of the orders that have the status "Delivered".
What are the names of airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes ?
What are the names of airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes ? What are the names of city of airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes | Do you mean the name of city which is the source for the most number of flight routes ? | Yes
What are the names of airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes ? What are the names of city of airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes | Do you mean the name of city which is the source for the most number of flight routes ? | Yes Find the name and city of the airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes.
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone How many chips is that which are never used by any phone ?
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone How many chips is that which are never used by any phone ? Give me all their model names and ram mib
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone How many chips is that which are never used by any phone ? Give me all their model names and ram mib How many chips used by phones have a ram mib higher or equal to 64
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone How many chips is that which are never used by any phone ? Give me all their model names and ram mib How many chips used by phones have a ram mib higher or equal to 64 Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone.
how many customers are presented on the table
how many customers are presented on the table how many accounts on the table
how many customers are presented on the table how many accounts on the table list out the customers first name
how many customers are presented on the table how many accounts on the table list out the customers first name what is the address of Aniyah | Did you mean to ask for the address of the customer with first name Aniyah ? | exactly
how many customers are presented on the table how many accounts on the table list out the customers first name what is the address of Aniyah | Did you mean to ask for the address of the customer with first name Aniyah ? | exactly How many accounts does the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte have?
Hello there ! Can you list all of the hometowns listed in this database ?
Hello there ! Can you list all of the hometowns listed in this database ? Thank you for that information ! Can you filter that list to show just the hometowns for gymnasts whose total points are more than 57.5 ?
Hello there ! Can you list all of the hometowns listed in this database ? Thank you for that information ! Can you filter that list to show just the hometowns for gymnasts whose total points are more than 57.5 ? Thank you ! Can you show all of the names of the gymnasts for those hometowns ?
Hello there ! Can you list all of the hometowns listed in this database ? Thank you for that information ! Can you filter that list to show just the hometowns for gymnasts whose total points are more than 57.5 ? Thank you ! Can you show all of the names of the gymnasts for those hometowns ? What are the distinct hometowns of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5?
Show me all the buildings
Show me all the buildings Show me the details of all professors | do you mean all information about them ? | Yes
Show me all the buildings Show me the details of all professors | do you mean all information about them ? | Yes Show me all the buildings that have at least 10 professors
Show me all the buildings Show me the details of all professors | do you mean all information about them ? | Yes Show me all the buildings that have at least 10 professors Show all the buildings that have at least 10 professors.
Hello ! Can you please provide me with the name of the founder for Sony ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with the name of the founder for Sony ? Thanks ! What city is the headquarters of Sony located in ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with the name of the founder for Sony ? Thanks ! What city is the headquarters of Sony located in ? What was Sony 's revenue ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with the name of the founder for Sony ? Thanks ! What city is the headquarters of Sony located in ? What was Sony 's revenue ? Find the founder of the company whose name begins with the letter 'S'.
List album titles for albums containing Reggae genre tracks . | Did you mean both contain 'Reggae ' and 'Rock ' genre tracks ? | yes
List album titles for albums containing Reggae genre tracks . | Did you mean both contain 'Reggae ' and 'Rock ' genre tracks ? | yes List album titles for albums containing Rock genre tracks
List album titles for albums containing Reggae genre tracks . | Did you mean both contain 'Reggae ' and 'Rock ' genre tracks ? | yes List album titles for albums containing Rock genre tracks List album titles for albums containing Metal genre tracks
List album titles for albums containing Reggae genre tracks . | Did you mean both contain 'Reggae ' and 'Rock ' genre tracks ? | yes List album titles for albums containing Rock genre tracks List album titles for albums containing Metal genre tracks How many albums contain 'Metal ' genre tracks ?
List album titles for albums containing Reggae genre tracks . | Did you mean both contain 'Reggae ' and 'Rock ' genre tracks ? | yes List album titles for albums containing Rock genre tracks List album titles for albums containing Metal genre tracks How many albums contain 'Metal ' genre tracks ? What are the album titles for albums containing both 'Reggae' and 'Rock' genre tracks?
Which universities are in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950 ?
Which universities are in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950 ? What about before 1950 ?
Which universities are in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950 ? What about before 1950 ? What are the years they opened ?
Which universities are in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950 ? What about before 1950 ? What are the years they opened ? Which university is in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950?
what are race circuits in Spain
what are race circuits in Spain races held after 2017
what are race circuits in Spain races held after 2017 races held after 2017 in spain circuits
what are race circuits in Spain races held after 2017 races held after 2017 in spain circuits What are the names of races that were held after 2017 and the circuits were in the country of Spain?
who is the department manager ? | Do you want the ids of staffs who are department managers ? | yes
who is the department manager ? | Do you want the ids of staffs who are department managers ? | yes which department id has the least amount of staff ?
who is the department manager ? | Do you want the ids of staffs who are department managers ? | yes which department id has the least amount of staff ? What is the id of the department with the least number of staff?
Can you list the artist ids and their volume issues ?
Can you list the artist ids and their volume issues ? Which volumes have more than 2 weeks on top ?
Can you list the artist ids and their volume issues ? Which volumes have more than 2 weeks on top ? Hmm , I want to know the famous titles of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top .
Can you list the artist ids and their volume issues ? Which volumes have more than 2 weeks on top ? Hmm , I want to know the famous titles of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top . What are the famous title of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top?
Show the names of editors on the list with at least two journal committees .
Show the names of editors on the list with at least two journal committees . What are the ages of the editors that are at least two journal committees .
Show the names of editors on the list with at least two journal committees . What are the ages of the editors that are at least two journal committees . What type of work does Kamila Porczyk do ?
Show the names of editors on the list with at least two journal committees . What are the ages of the editors that are at least two journal committees . What type of work does Kamila Porczyk do ? Who is the youngest journal committee member ?
Show the names of editors on the list with at least two journal committees . What are the ages of the editors that are at least two journal committees . What type of work does Kamila Porczyk do ? Who is the youngest journal committee member ? Show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees.
Which countries have members ?
Which countries have members ? Which country has the most members ?
Which countries have members ? Which country has the most members ? Which country has more than 2 members ?
Which countries have members ? Which country has the most members ? Which country has more than 2 members ? Which countries have more than two members?
What are the monthly rentals of student ?
What are the monthly rentals of student ? what are the total number of student addresses in Texas state ?
What are the monthly rentals of student ? what are the total number of student addresses in Texas state ? what are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state ?
What are the monthly rentals of student ? what are the total number of student addresses in Texas state ? what are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state ? What are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all employee IDs and their corresponding salaries ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all employee IDs and their corresponding salaries ? Awesome ! That 's great ! Can you filter this list to show only the employee IDs and correpsonding salaries that are above the average salary ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all employee IDs and their corresponding salaries ? Awesome ! That 's great ! Can you filter this list to show only the employee IDs and correpsonding salaries that are above the average salary ? Great ! Now can you display this list to include both the first and last name corresponding to each employee ID ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all employee IDs and their corresponding salaries ? Awesome ! That 's great ! Can you filter this list to show only the employee IDs and correpsonding salaries that are above the average salary ? Great ! Now can you display this list to include both the first and last name corresponding to each employee ID ? Thank you so much for that ! Can you filter this list to show only the rows in which the employee works in a department which has an employee with the letter J in their name ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all employee IDs and their corresponding salaries ? Awesome ! That 's great ! Can you filter this list to show only the employee IDs and correpsonding salaries that are above the average salary ? Great ! Now can you display this list to include both the first and last name corresponding to each employee ID ? Thank you so much for that ! Can you filter this list to show only the rows in which the employee works in a department which has an employee with the letter J in their name ? display the employee number, name( first name and last name ), and salary for all employees who earn more than the average salary and who work in a department with any employee with a 'J' in their first name.
show the customer ids and first names without a credit card
show the customer ids and first names without a credit card show the customer ids , first name and last name without a Debit card
show the customer ids and first names without a credit card show the customer ids , first name and last name without a Debit card show the customer ids , first name and last name with card type and number | Do you mean card type code ? | show the customer ids and card number
show the customer ids and first names without a credit card show the customer ids , first name and last name without a Debit card show the customer ids , first name and last name with card type and number | Do you mean card type code ? | show the customer ids and card number Show the customer ids and firstname without a credit card.
Who is the director of `` walter hill '' ? | do you mean which film is directed by the director of `` walter hill '' ? | yes .
Who is the director of `` walter hill '' ? | do you mean which film is directed by the director of `` walter hill '' ? | yes . Which studios have produced films with the director `` Walter Hill '' ?
Who is the director of `` walter hill '' ? | do you mean which film is directed by the director of `` walter hill '' ? | yes . Which studios have produced films with the director `` Walter Hill '' ? What about the ones that have n't ?
Who is the director of `` walter hill '' ? | do you mean which film is directed by the director of `` walter hill '' ? | yes . Which studios have produced films with the director `` Walter Hill '' ? What about the ones that have n't ? Show the studios that have not produced films with director "Walter Hill".
which rooms have a king bed ?
which rooms have a king bed ? what are the decor of those rooms ?
which rooms have a king bed ? what are the decor of those rooms ? show me the names and the decor of the rooms that have a king bed
which rooms have a king bed ? what are the decor of those rooms ? show me the names and the decor of the rooms that have a king bed show me the price of the rooms also
which rooms have a king bed ? what are the decor of those rooms ? show me the names and the decor of the rooms that have a king bed show me the price of the rooms also now sort the list by price
which rooms have a king bed ? what are the decor of those rooms ? show me the names and the decor of the rooms that have a king bed show me the price of the rooms also now sort the list by price List the names and decor of rooms that have a king bed. Sort the list by their price.
where is the location of the conference ? | What conference ? | Do you know any name of the pilot that provides cargo ?
where is the location of the conference ? | What conference ? | Do you know any name of the pilot that provides cargo ? Ok. Do you know any name of the pilot that provides a company `` catering services '' activities ?
where is the location of the conference ? | What conference ? | Do you know any name of the pilot that provides cargo ? Ok. Do you know any name of the pilot that provides a company `` catering services '' activities ? List the name of the pilots who have flied for both a company that mainly provide 'Cargo' services and a company that runs 'Catering services' activities.
how many students are there ?
how many students are there ? how many do n't participate in activities ?
how many students are there ? how many do n't participate in activities ? What are their Ids ?
how many students are there ? how many do n't participate in activities ? What are their Ids ? Show the ids of the students who don't participate in any activity.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the first names of all customers who rented films before '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the first names of all customers who rented films before '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' ? Thank you ! That 's a lot of people ! Can you filter the list to show me only the active customers ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the first names of all customers who rented films before '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' ? Thank you ! That 's a lot of people ! Can you filter the list to show me only the active customers ? What are the first names of customers who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01'?
Can you list all the institution types with the number of institutions of each type ?
Can you list all the institution types with the number of institutions of each type ? Could you also show me the total enrollment for each type of institution ?
Can you list all the institution types with the number of institutions of each type ? Could you also show me the total enrollment for each type of institution ? Show institution types, along with the number of institutions and total enrollment for each type.
What is average and maximum salary of all employees .
What is average and maximum salary of all employees . What name has the highest salary ?
What is average and maximum salary of all employees . What name has the highest salary ? What is the employee id and salary of George Wright ?
What is average and maximum salary of all employees . What name has the highest salary ? What is the employee id and salary of George Wright ? What is the name and employee id of the person with the lowest salary
What is average and maximum salary of all employees . What name has the highest salary ? What is the employee id and salary of George Wright ? What is the name and employee id of the person with the lowest salary What is average and maximum salary of all employees.
Give me the names of the English Artist
Give me the names of the English Artist List the names of the English Artist whose song 's rating is not 10
Give me the names of the English Artist List the names of the English Artist whose song 's rating is not 10 Find the names of the artists who have produced English songs but have never received rating higher than 8.
How many different lens are there ? | Did you mean the different brand of lens are there | No , I meant the total number of lenses
How many different lens are there ? | Did you mean the different brand of lens are there | No , I meant the total number of lenses Can you please list the ones that contain substring `` Digital '' in their names ? | The names of the camera lens that contain substring `` Digital '' in their names are Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 45mm f/1.8 , Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 75mm f/1.8 | Can you please also include their id ?
How many different lens are there ? | Did you mean the different brand of lens are there | No , I meant the total number of lenses Can you please list the ones that contain substring `` Digital '' in their names ? | The names of the camera lens that contain substring `` Digital '' in their names are Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 45mm f/1.8 , Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 75mm f/1.8 | Can you please also include their id ? List the camera lens names containing substring "Digital".
Can you list the person names and their friends ?
Can you list the person names and their friends ? Hmm , I want to know which friends are above 40 years old or below 30 years old . | do you mean the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 ? | I want to know the ages of the friends first , please .
Can you list the person names and their friends ? Hmm , I want to know which friends are above 40 years old or below 30 years old . | do you mean the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 ? | I want to know the ages of the friends first , please . Please tell me the names of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 .
Can you list the person names and their friends ? Hmm , I want to know which friends are above 40 years old or below 30 years old . | do you mean the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 ? | I want to know the ages of the friends first , please . Please tell me the names of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 . How about the names of different persons who have friends with age above 40 and under age 30 ?
Can you list the person names and their friends ? Hmm , I want to know which friends are above 40 years old or below 30 years old . | do you mean the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 ? | I want to know the ages of the friends first , please . Please tell me the names of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30 . How about the names of different persons who have friends with age above 40 and under age 30 ? Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30?
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ?
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ? What is the length of the Kolob Arch
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ? What is the length of the Kolob Arch What bridge is the longest bridge measured in feet ? | Do you want the name of the longest bridge measured in feet ? | Yes
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ? What is the length of the Kolob Arch What bridge is the longest bridge measured in feet ? | Do you want the name of the longest bridge measured in feet ? | Yes Where is the Xian ren Qiao ( fairy bridge ) located ?
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ? What is the length of the Kolob Arch What bridge is the longest bridge measured in feet ? | Do you want the name of the longest bridge measured in feet ? | Yes Where is the Xian ren Qiao ( fairy bridge ) located ? What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch' or 'Rainbow Bridge'?
Which year did any college confer the most amount of degrees ?
Which year did any college confer the most amount of degrees ? How about the year before that ? | Did you mean which college conferred the most number of degrees in 2003 ? | Yes
Which year did any college confer the most amount of degrees ? How about the year before that ? | Did you mean which college conferred the most number of degrees in 2003 ? | Yes How many faculty were at California State University-Channel Islands , in the year of 2002 ?
Which year did any college confer the most amount of degrees ? How about the year before that ? | Did you mean which college conferred the most number of degrees in 2003 ? | Yes How many faculty were at California State University-Channel Islands , in the year of 2002 ? How about for California State University-chico ? | Do you mean in the year 2002 ? | Yes
Which year did any college confer the most amount of degrees ? How about the year before that ? | Did you mean which college conferred the most number of degrees in 2003 ? | Yes How many faculty were at California State University-Channel Islands , in the year of 2002 ? How about for California State University-chico ? | Do you mean in the year 2002 ? | Yes How about for the year 1965 ?
Which year did any college confer the most amount of degrees ? How about the year before that ? | Did you mean which college conferred the most number of degrees in 2003 ? | Yes How many faculty were at California State University-Channel Islands , in the year of 2002 ? How about for California State University-chico ? | Do you mean in the year 2002 ? | Yes How about for the year 1965 ? How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the most number of degrees in year 2002?
What are the names of each of the films ?
What are the names of each of the films ? How many films have the word 'Dummy' in their titles?
find the student id and personal name of the student whose course id is 2
find the student id and personal name of the student whose course id is 2 show the date of registration for the student id 1
find the student id and personal name of the student whose course id is 2 show the date of registration for the student id 1 show the login name and password for registration id 2
find the student id and personal name of the student whose course id is 2 show the date of registration for the student id 1 show the login name and password for registration id 2 Find the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments.
How many students are playing multiple sports ?
How many students are playing multiple sports ? What are the names of the two students who are playing multiple sports ?
How many students are playing multiple sports ? What are the names of the two students who are playing multiple sports ? What is the first name and last name of the student who have most number of sports?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk ? What are their opening hours , please ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk ? What are their opening hours , please ? What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by shuttle ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk ? What are their opening hours , please ? What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by shuttle ? What are their opening hours ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk ? What are their opening hours , please ? What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by shuttle ? What are their opening hours ? What are the location ids of those ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk ? What are their opening hours , please ? What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by shuttle ? What are their opening hours ? What are the location ids of those ? What are the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk?
Show me the name of instructors ? | Here is the table of first and last names of faculties . | How many instructors are teaching top 3 number of courses ?
Show me the name of instructors ? | Here is the table of first and last names of faculties . | How many instructors are teaching top 3 number of courses ? Show the first and last names of them
Show me the name of instructors ? | Here is the table of first and last names of faculties . | How many instructors are teaching top 3 number of courses ? Show the first and last names of them What are the first and last names of the instructors who teach the top 3 number of courses?
how many Student there
how many Student there what is the city code of student id 1001
how many Student there what is the city code of student id 1001 * I have left the chat *
how many Student there what is the city code of student id 1001 * I have left the chat * Report all majors that have less than 3 students.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of first name , last name , and faculty ID of all faculty ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of first name , last name , and faculty ID of all faculty ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the activity name associated with each individual faculty member ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of first name , last name , and faculty ID of all faculty ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the activity name associated with each individual faculty member ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to remove all professors who are associated with either Canoeing or Kayaking ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of first name , last name , and faculty ID of all faculty ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the activity name associated with each individual faculty member ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to remove all professors who are associated with either Canoeing or Kayaking ? Find the first names of professors who are not playing Canoeing or Kayaking.
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ?
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show the staff ids of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ?
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show the staff ids of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? What are the project ids that staff member worked on ?
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show the staff ids of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? What are the project ids that staff member worked on ? What are the date from and date to of that project ?
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show the staff ids of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? What are the project ids that staff member worked on ? What are the date from and date to of that project ? What is the outcome code for that project ?
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show the staff ids of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes ? What are the project ids that staff member worked on ? What are the date from and date to of that project ? What is the outcome code for that project ? Show the role description and the id of the project staff involved in most number of project outcomes?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all body builder names and their associated birth dates ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all body builder names and their associated birth dates ? Could you filter this list to show only the rows which are associated with body builders whose birthday value contains the work `` January '' ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all body builder names and their associated birth dates ? Could you filter this list to show only the rows which are associated with body builders whose birthday value contains the work `` January '' ? Great ! Can you tell me where Jack Campbells birthplace was ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all body builder names and their associated birth dates ? Could you filter this list to show only the rows which are associated with body builders whose birthday value contains the work `` January '' ? Great ! Can you tell me where Jack Campbells birthplace was ? What are the total scores of the body builders whose birthday contains the string "January" ?
what is the minimum age of all people
what is the minimum age of all people what is the maximum age for all people
what is the minimum age of all people what is the maximum age for all people what is the average age for all people
what is the minimum age of all people what is the maximum age for all people what is the average age for all people now , list the minimum , maximum and average age for all people
what is the minimum age of all people what is the maximum age for all people what is the average age for all people now , list the minimum , maximum and average age for all people Show the minimum, maximum, and average age for all people.
Name the airport in Madang city ?
Name the airport in Madang city ? How many airports are in Papua New Guinea country ?
Name the airport in Madang city ? How many airports are in Papua New Guinea country ? Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy ?
Name the airport in Madang city ? How many airports are in Papua New Guinea country ? Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy ? What is the elevation of Mount Hagen Kagamuga Airport ?
Name the airport in Madang city ? How many airports are in Papua New Guinea country ? Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy ? What is the elevation of Mount Hagen Kagamuga Airport ? Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy.
hi , can you tell me the first and last name for the player with player ID : gomezle01 ?
hi , can you tell me the first and last name for the player with player ID : gomezle01 ? yes . What is the player 's first and last name for player ID : ferreri01 ?
hi , can you tell me the first and last name for the player with player ID : gomezle01 ? yes . What is the player 's first and last name for player ID : ferreri01 ? in addition to Rick Ferrell , Lefty Gomez , and player ID gehrilo01 , can you tell me the first and last names of the other players participating in 1998 all star game ?
hi , can you tell me the first and last name for the player with player ID : gomezle01 ? yes . What is the player 's first and last name for player ID : ferreri01 ? in addition to Rick Ferrell , Lefty Gomez , and player ID gehrilo01 , can you tell me the first and last names of the other players participating in 1998 all star game ? great . what is the player with player ID gehrilo01 first and last name ?
hi , can you tell me the first and last name for the player with player ID : gomezle01 ? yes . What is the player 's first and last name for player ID : ferreri01 ? in addition to Rick Ferrell , Lefty Gomez , and player ID gehrilo01 , can you tell me the first and last names of the other players participating in 1998 all star game ? great . what is the player with player ID gehrilo01 first and last name ? What are first and last names of players participating in all star game in 1998?
Hi , could you please let me know the genre ID for Latin and Pop ?
Hi , could you please let me know the genre ID for Latin and Pop ? That was very quick , thank you very much : ) Then , could you please let me know the average duration ( milliseconds ) of Latin and Pop ?
Hi , could you please let me know the genre ID for Latin and Pop ? That was very quick , thank you very much : ) Then , could you please let me know the average duration ( milliseconds ) of Latin and Pop ? That 's an amazingly precise number , thank you again . Then what about the average unit price of Latin and Pop ?
Hi , could you please let me know the genre ID for Latin and Pop ? That was very quick , thank you very much : ) Then , could you please let me know the average duration ( milliseconds ) of Latin and Pop ? That 's an amazingly precise number , thank you again . Then what about the average unit price of Latin and Pop ? What is the average duration in milliseconds of tracks that belong to Latin or Pop genre?
how many female persons are in the table
how many female persons are in the table please tell me alice friend name
how many female persons are in the table please tell me alice friend name what is the age of bob
how many female persons are in the table please tell me alice friend name what is the age of bob Who are the friends of Bob?
What is the average salary for the physics department ?
What is the average salary for the physics department ? How many instructors in the physics department make less than that ?
What is the average salary for the physics department ? How many instructors in the physics department make less than that ? What is the name and salary of that instructor ?
What is the average salary for the physics department ? How many instructors in the physics department make less than that ? What is the name and salary of that instructor ? Find the name and salary of instructors whose salary is below the average salary of the instructors in the Physics department.
How many different student logins are there ?
How many different student logins are there ? how many different author logins are there ?
How many different student logins are there ? how many different author logins are there ? How many login names are in both authors and students ?
How many different student logins are there ? how many different author logins are there ? How many login names are in both authors and students ? Find the common login name of course authors and students.
what players have a overall rating greater than 80 ?
what players have a overall rating greater than 80 ? of those players how many are right-footed ?
what players have a overall rating greater than 80 ? of those players how many are right-footed ? of the players with an overall rating greater than 80 how many are left-footed ?
what players have a overall rating greater than 80 ? of those players how many are right-footed ? of the players with an overall rating greater than 80 how many are left-footed ? of the players with an overall rating greater than 80 how many are right-footed ?
what players have a overall rating greater than 80 ? of those players how many are right-footed ? of the players with an overall rating greater than 80 how many are left-footed ? of the players with an overall rating greater than 80 how many are right-footed ? could add the right-footed and left-footed players that have an overall rating greater than 80 together ?
what players have a overall rating greater than 80 ? of those players how many are right-footed ? of the players with an overall rating greater than 80 how many are left-footed ? of the players with an overall rating greater than 80 how many are right-footed ? could add the right-footed and left-footed players that have an overall rating greater than 80 together ? Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80, how many are right-footed and left-footed?
how many origin in the train table
how many origin in the train table what highest time in the train table
how many origin in the train table what highest time in the train table how many train number in the train table
how many origin in the train table what highest time in the train table how many train number in the train table how many interval in the trail table
how many origin in the train table what highest time in the train table how many train number in the train table how many interval in the trail table Find the origins from which more than 1 train starts.
Find the name of Physicians who are affiliate with surgery or Psychiatry department .
Find the name of Physicians who are affiliate with surgery or Psychiatry department . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID ? tell me the SSN . | Sorry what employee IDs are you talking about ? | Sorry for my mistake . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID 2 ? tell me the SSN .
Find the name of Physicians who are affiliate with surgery or Psychiatry department . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID ? tell me the SSN . | Sorry what employee IDs are you talking about ? | Sorry for my mistake . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID 2 ? tell me the SSN . What is the Physician name of the following Position Staff Internist ? tell me the SSN , and Employee ID , | Do you want the name , SSN , and employee ID ? | yes
Find the name of Physicians who are affiliate with surgery or Psychiatry department . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID ? tell me the SSN . | Sorry what employee IDs are you talking about ? | Sorry for my mistake . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID 2 ? tell me the SSN . What is the Physician name of the following Position Staff Internist ? tell me the SSN , and Employee ID , | Do you want the name , SSN , and employee ID ? | yes which department has most number of head ? tell me department ID ,
Find the name of Physicians who are affiliate with surgery or Psychiatry department . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID ? tell me the SSN . | Sorry what employee IDs are you talking about ? | Sorry for my mistake . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID 2 ? tell me the SSN . What is the Physician name of the following Position Staff Internist ? tell me the SSN , and Employee ID , | Do you want the name , SSN , and employee ID ? | yes which department has most number of head ? tell me department ID , which department has least number of head ? tell me department ID , And department name ?
Find the name of Physicians who are affiliate with surgery or Psychiatry department . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID ? tell me the SSN . | Sorry what employee IDs are you talking about ? | Sorry for my mistake . What is the Physician name of the following Employee ID 2 ? tell me the SSN . What is the Physician name of the following Position Staff Internist ? tell me the SSN , and Employee ID , | Do you want the name , SSN , and employee ID ? | yes which department has most number of head ? tell me department ID , which department has least number of head ? tell me department ID , And department name ? Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with Surgery or Psychiatry department.
Which countries have the most number of airlines whose active status is Y ?
Which countries have the most number of airlines whose active status is Y ? What are the names of those airlines ? | Here are the names of airlines who are active . | What is the airline id of Aloha Airlines ?
Which countries have the most number of airlines whose active status is Y ? What are the names of those airlines ? | Here are the names of airlines who are active . | What is the airline id of Aloha Airlines ? What about the icao ? | the icao of Aloha Airlines is AAH | What 's the call sign of airline id 5 ?
Which countries have the most number of airlines whose active status is Y ? What are the names of those airlines ? | Here are the names of airlines who are active . | What is the airline id of Aloha Airlines ? What about the icao ? | the icao of Aloha Airlines is AAH | What 's the call sign of airline id 5 ? Which countries has the most number of airlines whose active status is 'Y'?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000 ?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000 ? Can you give the name of the countries with population smaller than 100000 ?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000 ? Can you give the name of the countries with population smaller than 100000 ? What is the number of counties with population greater than 100000 ?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000 ? Can you give the name of the countries with population smaller than 100000 ? What is the number of counties with population greater than 100000 ? Can you give me the name of the counties with population between 50000 and 100000 ?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000 ? Can you give the name of the countries with population smaller than 100000 ? What is the number of counties with population greater than 100000 ? Can you give me the name of the counties with population between 50000 and 100000 ? What are the committee names for the counties with population smaller than 100000 ?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000 ? Can you give the name of the countries with population smaller than 100000 ? What is the number of counties with population greater than 100000 ? Can you give me the name of the counties with population between 50000 and 100000 ? What are the committee names for the counties with population smaller than 100000 ? What are the committee names for the counties with population between 50000-100000 ?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000 ? Can you give the name of the countries with population smaller than 100000 ? What is the number of counties with population greater than 100000 ? Can you give me the name of the counties with population between 50000 and 100000 ? What are the committee names for the counties with population smaller than 100000 ? What are the committee names for the counties with population between 50000-100000 ? Which delegates are from counties with population smaller than 100000?
Can you show the artist name of f id 2 ?
Can you show the artist name of f id 2 ? Can you show the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720 ?
Can you show the artist name of f id 2 ? Can you show the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720 ? Can you the artist name of Song Tum robe nirobe ?
Can you show the artist name of f id 2 ? Can you show the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720 ? Can you the artist name of Song Tum robe nirobe ? What are the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720?
Find the cities which have exactly two airports
Find the cities which have exactly two airports What location airports is near by me has two airports ? | What do you mean by near by you ? Sorry , We can not answer this . | what is the name of airport in the country Papua New Guinea
Find the cities which have exactly two airports What location airports is near by me has two airports ? | What do you mean by near by you ? Sorry , We can not answer this . | what is the name of airport in the country Papua New Guinea what is the elevation of Madang Airport ?
Find the cities which have exactly two airports What location airports is near by me has two airports ? | What do you mean by near by you ? Sorry , We can not answer this . | what is the name of airport in the country Papua New Guinea what is the elevation of Madang Airport ? What is the elevation of Goroka Airport
Find the cities which have exactly two airports What location airports is near by me has two airports ? | What do you mean by near by you ? Sorry , We can not answer this . | what is the name of airport in the country Papua New Guinea what is the elevation of Madang Airport ? What is the elevation of Goroka Airport Find the cities which have exactly two airports.
How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total ?
How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total ? What is the one of the best team ? | Do you mean the team with the most number of wins ? | yes
How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total ? What is the one of the best team ? | Do you mean the team with the most number of wins ? | yes How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total?
Find the year that offers the largest number of courses ?
Find the year that offers the largest number of courses ? What semester in that year offers the largest number of courses ?
Find the year that offers the largest number of courses ? What semester in that year offers the largest number of courses ? What buildings have course sections offered then ?
Find the year that offers the largest number of courses ? What semester in that year offers the largest number of courses ? What buildings have course sections offered then ? Find the year and semester when offers the largest number of courses.
what ship is steered by a captain with lieutenant rank ? | do you want to return the names of these ships ? | yes
what ship is steered by a captain with lieutenant rank ? | do you want to return the names of these ships ? | yes give me the ship id
what ship is steered by a captain with lieutenant rank ? | do you want to return the names of these ships ? | yes give me the ship id what is the captain 's age ?
what ship is steered by a captain with lieutenant rank ? | do you want to return the names of these ships ? | yes give me the ship id what is the captain 's age ? Find the name of the ships that are steered by both a captain with Midshipman rank and a captain with Lieutenant rank.
how many colors are in list in the description ?
how many colors are in list in the description ? Find the product list of the product name ?
how many colors are in list in the description ? Find the product list of the product name ? Find the color of the product id 2 ?
how many colors are in list in the description ? Find the product list of the product name ? Find the color of the product id 2 ? how many herbs in the product category code ?
how many colors are in list in the description ? Find the product list of the product name ? Find the color of the product id 2 ? how many herbs in the product category code ? How many colors are never used by any product?
how many membership cards ? | There are 2 different membership cards . | what is age of Ashby Lazale
how many membership cards ? | There are 2 different membership cards . | what is age of Ashby Lazale how many time of purchase in ashby lazale
how many membership cards ? | There are 2 different membership cards . | what is age of Ashby Lazale how many time of purchase in ashby lazale Level of membership Breton , Robert
how many membership cards ? | There are 2 different membership cards . | what is age of Ashby Lazale how many time of purchase in ashby lazale Level of membership Breton , Robert What is the membership card held by both members living in Hartford and ones living in Waterbury address?
can you please show me all the advisors ?
can you please show me all the advisors ? show me all advisors who does not have at least two students ?
can you please show me all the advisors ? show me all advisors who does not have at least two students ? which advisors have at least two students ?
can you please show me all the advisors ? show me all advisors who does not have at least two students ? which advisors have at least two students ? Show all advisors who have at least two students.
Which year had the most festivals ?
Which year had the most festivals ? How many festivals were there in 2008 ?
Which year had the most festivals ? How many festivals were there in 2008 ? What was the number of the audience for it ?
Which year had the most festivals ? How many festivals were there in 2008 ? What was the number of the audience for it ? Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010.
How many friends does Zach have ?
How many friends does Zach have ? How long has zach been friends with each of them ?
How many friends does Zach have ? How long has zach been friends with each of them ? What are the ages of Zach 's friends ?
How many friends does Zach have ? How long has zach been friends with each of them ? What are the ages of Zach 's friends ? Which person has zach been friends with the longest ?
How many friends does Zach have ? How long has zach been friends with each of them ? What are the ages of Zach 's friends ? Which person has zach been friends with the longest ? What does dan do for work ?
How many friends does Zach have ? How long has zach been friends with each of them ? What are the ages of Zach 's friends ? Which person has zach been friends with the longest ? What does dan do for work ? How old is dan ?
How many friends does Zach have ? How long has zach been friends with each of them ? What are the ages of Zach 's friends ? Which person has zach been friends with the longest ? What does dan do for work ? How old is dan ? What is the age of the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
What is the name of the college whos size is bigger than 10000 ?
What is the name of the college whos size is bigger than 10000 ? Which of those colleges are located in LA ?
What is the name of the college whos size is bigger than 10000 ? Which of those colleges are located in LA ? What is the enrollment of that college ?
What is the name of the college whos size is bigger than 10000 ? Which of those colleges are located in LA ? What is the enrollment of that college ? Find the name, enrollment of the colleges whose size is bigger than 10000 and location is in state LA.
Can you show the product name and total order quantity of each product please ?
Can you show the product name and total order quantity of each product please ? Could you add the product type codes to the table please ?
Can you show the product name and total order quantity of each product please ? Could you add the product type codes to the table please ? What is the average product price of all the products ?
Can you show the product name and total order quantity of each product please ? Could you add the product type codes to the table please ? What is the average product price of all the products ? Can you list the product names of all products with prices below the average product price ?
Can you show the product name and total order quantity of each product please ? Could you add the product type codes to the table please ? What is the average product price of all the products ? Can you list the product names of all products with prices below the average product price ? The product ids of all products whose prices are above the average product price are listed .
Can you show the product name and total order quantity of each product please ? Could you add the product type codes to the table please ? What is the average product price of all the products ? Can you list the product names of all products with prices below the average product price ? The product ids of all products whose prices are above the average product price are listed . Show the product name and total order quantity for each product.
Find the routes operated by all airlines ? | Do you mean return all the routes ? | yes .
Find the routes operated by all airlines ? | Do you mean return all the routes ? | yes . Which of these is operated by American Airlines ?
Find the routes operated by all airlines ? | Do you mean return all the routes ? | yes . Which of these is operated by American Airlines ? How many are they ?
Find the routes operated by all airlines ? | Do you mean return all the routes ? | yes . Which of these is operated by American Airlines ? How many are they ? What of those not operated by American Airlines ?
Find the routes operated by all airlines ? | Do you mean return all the routes ? | yes . Which of these is operated by American Airlines ? How many are they ? What of those not operated by American Airlines ? How many routes are not operated by American Airlines ?
Find the routes operated by all airlines ? | Do you mean return all the routes ? | yes . Which of these is operated by American Airlines ? How many are they ? What of those not operated by American Airlines ? How many routes are not operated by American Airlines ? Find the number of routes operated by American Airlines.
which customers placed an order
which customers placed an order who has the most orders ? | Do you want just the customer name ? | yes
which customers placed an order who has the most orders ? | Do you want just the customer name ? | yes What is the name of the customer who has the most orders?
Which company has the most buildings ? | Do you want to the name of the company ? | Yes and the company ID .
Which company has the most buildings ? | Do you want to the name of the company ? | Yes and the company ID . What is the building ID that has the most company offices ?
Which company has the most buildings ? | Do you want to the name of the company ? | Yes and the company ID . What is the building ID that has the most company offices ? What is the name of building with ID 3 ?
Which company has the most buildings ? | Do you want to the name of the company ? | Yes and the company ID . What is the building ID that has the most company offices ? What is the name of building with ID 3 ? Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
What is the duration of the oldest actor ?
What is the duration of the oldest actor ? What is the character of Tom Oliver ?
What is the duration of the oldest actor ? What is the character of Tom Oliver ? Please List out the Actors name ?
What is the duration of the oldest actor ? What is the character of Tom Oliver ? Please List out the Actors name ? What is the duration of the oldest actor?
show the names of cities
show the names of cities list out the names
show the names of cities list out the names what is the population of Abbotsford
show the names of cities list out the names what is the population of Abbotsford what is the crime rate of Campbell River
show the names of cities list out the names what is the population of Abbotsford what is the crime rate of Campbell River Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers.
can you show me a list of people names ?
can you show me a list of people names ? can you show me the oldest one ?
can you show me a list of people names ? can you show me the oldest one ? can you show me average of ages ?
can you show me a list of people names ? can you show me the oldest one ? can you show me average of ages ? Show the party that has the most people
can you show me a list of people names ? can you show me the oldest one ? can you show me average of ages ? Show the party that has the most people Show the party that has the most people.
Hello . Can you list the top three vote getters ?
Hello . Can you list the top three vote getters ? Excellent ! Which had the greatest number of votes ?
Hello . Can you list the top three vote getters ? Excellent ! Which had the greatest number of votes ? And who were the top three , in order from most to least ?
Hello . Can you list the top three vote getters ? Excellent ! Which had the greatest number of votes ? And who were the top three , in order from most to least ? How many votes did Jim receive ?
Hello . Can you list the top three vote getters ? Excellent ! Which had the greatest number of votes ? And who were the top three , in order from most to least ? How many votes did Jim receive ? And what is his occupation ?
Hello . Can you list the top three vote getters ? Excellent ! Which had the greatest number of votes ? And who were the top three , in order from most to least ? How many votes did Jim receive ? And what is his occupation ? Who got more than 10,000 votes ?
Hello . Can you list the top three vote getters ? Excellent ! Which had the greatest number of votes ? And who were the top three , in order from most to least ? How many votes did Jim receive ? And what is his occupation ? Who got more than 10,000 votes ? What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes?
What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results ?
What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results ? What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops ?
What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results ? What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops ? What are the race ids that the driver with the surname Nakajima was in ?
What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results ? What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops ? What are the race ids that the driver with the surname Nakajima was in ? How many wins does that driver have ?
What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results ? What are the drivers ' last names who had 11 pit stops ? What are the race ids that the driver with the surname Nakajima was in ? How many wins does that driver have ? What are the drivers' last names and id who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results?
What are the names of all the employees ? | Do you want first name or last name ? | First name please .
What are the names of all the employees ? | Do you want first name or last name ? | First name please . How about their last names ?
What are the names of all the employees ? | Do you want first name or last name ? | First name please . How about their last names ? How many last names start with the letter J ?
What are the names of all the employees ? | Do you want first name or last name ? | First name please . How about their last names ? How many last names start with the letter J ? What is that person 's first name ?
What are the names of all the employees ? | Do you want first name or last name ? | First name please . How about their last names ? How many last names start with the letter J ? What is that person 's first name ? Who are the customers that Steve supports ? | This is the information for all the customers that Steve Johnson supports | How many customers does he support ?
What are the names of all the employees ? | Do you want first name or last name ? | First name please . How about their last names ? How many last names start with the letter J ? What is that person 's first name ? Who are the customers that Steve supports ? | This is the information for all the customers that Steve Johnson supports | How many customers does he support ? How many customers does Steve Johnson support?
What is the address of address id 3 ?
What is the address of address id 3 ? How much does the rental cost for address id 3 ?
What is the address of address id 3 ? How much does the rental cost for address id 3 ? What is the cost for address id 1 ?
What is the address of address id 3 ? How much does the rental cost for address id 3 ? What is the cost for address id 1 ? What are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state?
How many tracks in this table ?
How many tracks in this table ? How many playlists in this table ?
How many tracks in this table ? How many playlists in this table ? Find average unit price ?
How many tracks in this table ? How many playlists in this table ? Find average unit price ? Find the name of tracks which are in both Movies and music playlists.
Which procedure has the highest cost ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ? | Yes . What is the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ?
Which procedure has the highest cost ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ? | Yes . What is the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ? What is the name of the procedure that has the lowest cost ?
Which procedure has the highest cost ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ? | Yes . What is the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ? What is the name of the procedure that has the lowest cost ? What are the highest cost , lowest cost and average cost of procedures ?
Which procedure has the highest cost ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ? | Yes . What is the name of the procedure that has the highest cost ? What is the name of the procedure that has the lowest cost ? What are the highest cost , lowest cost and average cost of procedures ? What are the highest cost, lowest cost and average cost of procedures?
What are the names of contact individuals of the `` Labour Party '' ? | Do you want to know the first name , middle name , last name ? | Just the last names .
What are the names of contact individuals of the `` Labour Party '' ? | Do you want to know the first name , middle name , last name ? | Just the last names . Who is the latest contact individual ? | the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization `` Labour Party '' is Bradtke | And what is the date of contact ?
What are the names of contact individuals of the `` Labour Party '' ? | Do you want to know the first name , middle name , last name ? | Just the last names . Who is the latest contact individual ? | the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization `` Labour Party '' is Bradtke | And what is the date of contact ? Find the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization "Labour Party".
Which users had some tweets ?
Which users had some tweets ? Can you find me the average number of followers for these users ?
Which users had some tweets ? Can you find me the average number of followers for these users ? Find the average number of followers for the users who had some tweets.
How many airlines are there ?
How many airlines are there ? What 's the least number of routes that an airline runs ?
How many airlines are there ? What 's the least number of routes that an airline runs ? how about the most number of routes that an airline runs ?
How many airlines are there ? What 's the least number of routes that an airline runs ? how about the most number of routes that an airline runs ? What is the name of that airline ?
How many airlines are there ? What 's the least number of routes that an airline runs ? how about the most number of routes that an airline runs ? What is the name of that airline ? What country does Ryanair belong to ?
How many airlines are there ? What 's the least number of routes that an airline runs ? how about the most number of routes that an airline runs ? What is the name of that airline ? What country does Ryanair belong to ? Find the name of airline which runs the most number of routes.
What is the name of photo ID 280
What is the name of photo ID 280 What is the description of game2 ?
What is the name of photo ID 280 What is the description of game2 ? What is the tourist attraction id of game2
What is the name of photo ID 280 What is the description of game2 ? What is the tourist attraction id of game2 What is game2 tourist attraction name ?
What is the name of photo ID 280 What is the description of game2 ? What is the tourist attraction id of game2 What is game2 tourist attraction name ? What are the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction "film festival"?
how many accelerators on the table
how many accelerators on the table what is the connection of CACHEbox
how many accelerators on the table what is the connection of CACHEbox please list out the operating system | Can you please clarify which operating system do you need ? | list out the all operating system on client accelerator
how many accelerators on the table what is the connection of CACHEbox please list out the operating system | Can you please clarify which operating system do you need ? | list out the all operating system on client accelerator what are all the client accelerators on the table
how many accelerators on the table what is the connection of CACHEbox please list out the operating system | Can you please clarify which operating system do you need ? | list out the all operating system on client accelerator what are all the client accelerators on the table What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers?
LIST THE NAME OF CATALOGS
LIST THE NAME OF CATALOGS WHICH PUBLISHER HAS PUBLISHED MORE CATALOGS
LIST THE NAME OF CATALOGS WHICH PUBLISHER HAS PUBLISHED MORE CATALOGS Which catalog publisher has published the most catalogs?
Which company has its headquarter in the US ? | Did you mean to ask for the companies with headquarters in USA ? | yes .
Which company has its headquarter in the US ? | Did you mean to ask for the companies with headquarters in USA ? | yes . What is the industry of the company named General Electric ?
Which company has its headquarter in the US ? | Did you mean to ask for the companies with headquarters in USA ? | yes . What is the industry of the company named General Electric ? How much profit did it make ?
Which company has its headquarter in the US ? | Did you mean to ask for the companies with headquarters in USA ? | yes . What is the industry of the company named General Electric ? How much profit did it make ? Which company has the highest amount of assets ?
Which company has its headquarter in the US ? | Did you mean to ask for the companies with headquarters in USA ? | yes . What is the industry of the company named General Electric ? How much profit did it make ? Which company has the highest amount of assets ? how much is it worth ? | Did you mean to ask for the market value in billions for BNP Paribas ? | yes
Which company has its headquarter in the US ? | Did you mean to ask for the companies with headquarters in USA ? | yes . What is the industry of the company named General Electric ? How much profit did it make ? Which company has the highest amount of assets ? how much is it worth ? | Did you mean to ask for the market value in billions for BNP Paribas ? | yes Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies.
What are the names of the people who have been on the affirmative side of debates ?
What are the names of the people who have been on the affirmative side of debates ? What are their party affiliations ?
What are the names of the people who have been on the affirmative side of debates ? What are their party affiliations ? How many debates did they win total ?
What are the names of the people who have been on the affirmative side of debates ? What are their party affiliations ? How many debates did they win total ? Show the names of people and the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates.
tell me the staff details of staff id 1 ?
tell me the staff details of staff id 1 ? Tell me the organization type of organisation_id 1 ?
tell me the staff details of staff id 1 ? Tell me the organization type of organisation_id 1 ? Which organisation type hires most research staff ?
tell me the staff details of staff id 1 ? Tell me the organization type of organisation_id 1 ? Which organisation type hires most research staff ? Which organisation type hires most research staff?
What are all the names of the pilots who flew a flight in the United States ?
What are all the names of the pilots who flew a flight in the United States ? What are the names of all the pilots who flew a flight in the Billund Airport ?
What are all the names of the pilots who flew a flight in the United States ? What are the names of all the pilots who flew a flight in the Billund Airport ? Can you list the names and velocities of all pilots who flew out of Ted Stevens Airport ?
What are all the names of the pilots who flew a flight in the United States ? What are the names of all the pilots who flew a flight in the Billund Airport ? Can you list the names and velocities of all pilots who flew out of Ted Stevens Airport ? What are the different pilot names who had piloted a flight in the country 'United States' or in the airport named 'Billund Airport'?
I want to know the lowest oppose rate among the candidates .
I want to know the lowest oppose rate among the candidates . Which candidate got this lowest oppose rate ?
I want to know the lowest oppose rate among the candidates . Which candidate got this lowest oppose rate ? Hmm , which poll source did this candidate belong to ?
I want to know the lowest oppose rate among the candidates . Which candidate got this lowest oppose rate ? Hmm , which poll source did this candidate belong to ? Find the id of the candidate who got the lowest oppose rate.
Hi ! What is the name of the institution that `` Mathias Blume '' is associated with ?
Hi ! What is the name of the institution that `` Mathias Blume '' is associated with ? How many papers does Mathias Blume have authorship of ?
Hi ! What is the name of the institution that `` Mathias Blume '' is associated with ? How many papers does Mathias Blume have authorship of ? What is the name of the institution that "Matthias Blume" belongs to?
Show me all the claims that are documents .
Show me all the claims that are documents . Which of these claims is most recently created ?
Show me all the claims that are documents . Which of these claims is most recently created ? What is the amount claimed for this claim ?
Show me all the claims that are documents . Which of these claims is most recently created ? What is the amount claimed for this claim ? Please give me the sum of these amounts .
Show me all the claims that are documents . Which of these claims is most recently created ? What is the amount claimed for this claim ? Please give me the sum of these amounts . Find the total amount claimed in the most recently created document.
What are the names of all companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ?
What are the names of all companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What are the companies ' revenues whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ?
What are the names of all companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What are the companies ' revenues whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What is the numerical value of those two companies ' revenues ?
What are the names of all companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What are the companies ' revenues whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What is the numerical value of those two companies ' revenues ? What are the names of all companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ?
What are the names of all companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What are the companies ' revenues whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What is the numerical value of those two companies ' revenues ? What are the names of all companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What are the numerical values of their revenues , please ?
What are the names of all companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What are the companies ' revenues whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What is the numerical value of those two companies ' revenues ? What are the names of all companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of all companies based in Austin ? What are the numerical values of their revenues , please ? Find the name of companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin.
Which nominees have nominated musicals for `` Tony Award '' ?
Which nominees have nominated musicals for `` Tony Award '' ? Which nominees have nominated musicals for `` Drama Desk Award '' ?
Which nominees have nominated musicals for `` Tony Award '' ? Which nominees have nominated musicals for `` Drama Desk Award '' ? Which of these have nominated musicals for both `` Tony Award '' and `` Drama Desk Award '' ?
Which nominees have nominated musicals for `` Tony Award '' ? Which nominees have nominated musicals for `` Drama Desk Award '' ? Which of these have nominated musicals for both `` Tony Award '' and `` Drama Desk Award '' ? Show the nominees that have nominated musicals for both "Tony Award" and "Drama Desk Award".
How many professors are there ?
How many professors are there ? How many different buildings do you have ?
How many professors are there ? How many different buildings do you have ? Can you tell me the number of Professors in the building NEB ?
How many professors are there ? How many different buildings do you have ? Can you tell me the number of Professors in the building NEB ? How many Professors are in building NEB?
Which film actors and actresses played a role in more than 30 films ? List their first and last names .
Which film actors and actresses played a role in more than 30 films ? List their first and last names . How many films was actor id 9 in ?
Which film actors and actresses played a role in more than 30 films ? List their first and last names . How many films was actor id 9 in ? What 's that person 's name ?
Which film actors and actresses played a role in more than 30 films ? List their first and last names . How many films was actor id 9 in ? What 's that person 's name ? Is there anyone else with the first name Joe ?
Which film actors and actresses played a role in more than 30 films ? List their first and last names . How many films was actor id 9 in ? What 's that person 's name ? Is there anyone else with the first name Joe ? Which film actors (actresses) played a role in more than 30 films? List his or her first name and last name.
Show the names of all ships from United States ?
Show the names of all ships from United States ? Show the names of all ships from United Kingdom ?
Show the names of all ships from United States ? Show the names of all ships from United Kingdom ? What type of ship is the Corbridge ?
Show the names of all ships from United States ? Show the names of all ships from United Kingdom ? What type of ship is the Corbridge ? What is the tonnage of the Corbridge ?
Show the names of all ships from United States ? Show the names of all ships from United Kingdom ? What type of ship is the Corbridge ? What is the tonnage of the Corbridge ? What is the name of the ship with 3146 tonnage ?
Show the names of all ships from United States ? Show the names of all ships from United Kingdom ? What type of ship is the Corbridge ? What is the tonnage of the Corbridge ? What is the name of the ship with 3146 tonnage ? What is the name of the ship with the most tonnage ?
Show the names of all ships from United States ? Show the names of all ships from United Kingdom ? What type of ship is the Corbridge ? What is the tonnage of the Corbridge ? What is the name of the ship with 3146 tonnage ? What is the name of the ship with the most tonnage ? How many different types of ships are there ?
Show the names of all ships from United States ? Show the names of all ships from United Kingdom ? What type of ship is the Corbridge ? What is the tonnage of the Corbridge ? What is the name of the ship with 3146 tonnage ? What is the name of the ship with the most tonnage ? How many different types of ships are there ? Show the name of ships whose nationality is either United States or United Kingdom.
What is the skill code for skill id 1 , 2 and 3 ?
What is the skill code for skill id 1 , 2 and 3 ? How many ids are in part_fault_id ... Tell me total number
What is the skill code for skill id 1 , 2 and 3 ? How many ids are in part_fault_id ... Tell me total number What is the skill description for skill id 3 ?
What is the skill code for skill id 1 , 2 and 3 ? How many ids are in part_fault_id ... Tell me total number What is the skill description for skill id 3 ? Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults ? List the skill id and description
What is the skill code for skill id 1 , 2 and 3 ? How many ids are in part_fault_id ... Tell me total number What is the skill description for skill id 3 ? Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults ? List the skill id and description Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults? List the skill id and description.
how many player are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table player ? | exactly
how many player are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table player ? | exactly list out the player
how many player are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table player ? | exactly list out the player what is the age of Timothy Beckham
how many player are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table player ? | exactly list out the player what is the age of Timothy Beckham what is the position of Pedro Álvarez
how many player are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table player ? | exactly list out the player what is the age of Timothy Beckham what is the position of Pedro Álvarez List the locations of schools that do not have any player.
What is the name of the good with the highest average rank ?
What is the name of the good with the highest average rank ? What is the ID of cup ?
What is the name of the good with the highest average rank ? What is the ID of cup ? Now , can you please tell me the name and id of the good with the highest average rank ?
What is the name of the good with the highest average rank ? What is the ID of cup ? Now , can you please tell me the name and id of the good with the highest average rank ? Find the name and id of the good with the highest average rank.
Who is the instructor of the statistics department ?
Who is the instructor of the statistics department ? What is their average salary ?
Who is the instructor of the statistics department ? What is their average salary ? Who in the statistics department has the highest salary ?
Who is the instructor of the statistics department ? What is their average salary ? Who in the statistics department has the highest salary ? How much is his salary ?
Who is the instructor of the statistics department ? What is their average salary ? Who in the statistics department has the highest salary ? How much is his salary ? Find the names of all instructors whose name includes the substring “dar”.
Hello , how many candidates total are there ?
Hello , how many candidates total are there ? Perfect , and who has the highest support percentage ? | Do you want the people id ? | Actually , just the percentage please .
Hello , how many candidates total are there ? Perfect , and who has the highest support percentage ? | Do you want the people id ? | Actually , just the percentage please . Perfect , what about the lowest consider rate ?
Hello , how many candidates total are there ? Perfect , and who has the highest support percentage ? | Do you want the people id ? | Actually , just the percentage please . Perfect , what about the lowest consider rate ? And what about the lowest oppose rate ?
Hello , how many candidates total are there ? Perfect , and who has the highest support percentage ? | Do you want the people id ? | Actually , just the percentage please . Perfect , what about the lowest consider rate ? And what about the lowest oppose rate ? And finally , can you tell me the average unsure rate ?
Hello , how many candidates total are there ? Perfect , and who has the highest support percentage ? | Do you want the people id ? | Actually , just the percentage please . Perfect , what about the lowest consider rate ? And what about the lowest oppose rate ? And finally , can you tell me the average unsure rate ? find the highest support percentage, lowest consider rate and oppose rate of all candidates.
Which dorm has the largest capacity ? | Hi do you need the dorm name or dorm id ? | dorm id , please .
Which dorm has the largest capacity ? | Hi do you need the dorm name or dorm id ? | dorm id , please . How many students live there ?
Which dorm has the largest capacity ? | Hi do you need the dorm name or dorm id ? | dorm id , please . How many students live there ? What is their average age ?
Which dorm has the largest capacity ? | Hi do you need the dorm name or dorm id ? | dorm id , please . How many students live there ? What is their average age ? Find the average age of students who are living in the dorm with the largest capacity.
What is the team id for Boston Red Stockings ?
What is the team id for Boston Red Stockings ? Yes please .
What is the team id for Boston Red Stockings ? Yes please . Can you calculate the total salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings in 2010 ?
What is the team id for Boston Red Stockings ? Yes please . Can you calculate the total salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings in 2010 ? What is the total salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings in 2010?
Can you please show me the names of all male architects by their names lexicographically ?
Can you please show me the names of all male architects by their names lexicographically ? Can you please show me all female architects by their names lexicographically ?
Can you please show me the names of all male architects by their names lexicographically ? Can you please show me all female architects by their names lexicographically ? can you please show me all the female architects ?
Can you please show me the names of all male architects by their names lexicographically ? Can you please show me all female architects by their names lexicographically ? can you please show me all the female architects ? List the name , nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically ?
Can you please show me the names of all male architects by their names lexicographically ? Can you please show me all female architects by their names lexicographically ? can you please show me all the female architects ? List the name , nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically ? List the name, nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically.
Display the first name of all employees .
Display the first name of all employees . Show the first name of all employees and their salary .
Display the first name of all employees . Show the first name of all employees and their salary . Show the first name of all employees and their salary for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M .
Display the first name of all employees . Show the first name of all employees and their salary . Show the first name of all employees and their salary for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M . Show the first name of all employees and list their salary in descending order for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M .
Display the first name of all employees . Show the first name of all employees and their salary . Show the first name of all employees and their salary for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M . Show the first name of all employees and list their salary in descending order for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M . Out of these employees what is the phone number for the employee with the highest salary .
Display the first name of all employees . Show the first name of all employees and their salary . Show the first name of all employees and their salary for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M . Show the first name of all employees and list their salary in descending order for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M . Out of these employees what is the phone number for the employee with the highest salary . What is the email for the employee whose first name does not contain the letter M with the highest salary .
Display the first name of all employees . Show the first name of all employees and their salary . Show the first name of all employees and their salary for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M . Show the first name of all employees and list their salary in descending order for employees whose first name does not contain the letter M . Out of these employees what is the phone number for the employee with the highest salary . What is the email for the employee whose first name does not contain the letter M with the highest salary . display the full name (first and last), hire date, salary, and department number for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M.
what are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ?
what are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ? how many browser id ?
what are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ? how many browser id ? what are using CProxy in Operating system ?
what are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ? how many browser id ? what are using CProxy in Operating system ? who is using Appliance ( Linux ) Operating system ? | Do you want the name of the accelerator ? | yes
what are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ? how many browser id ? what are using CProxy in Operating system ? who is using Appliance ( Linux ) Operating system ? | Do you want the name of the accelerator ? | yes What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers?
Hi , can I see the list of customers ?
Hi , can I see the list of customers ? What customers have a policy ?
Hi , can I see the list of customers ? What customers have a policy ? What customers do n't have a policy ?
Hi , can I see the list of customers ? What customers have a policy ? What customers do n't have a policy ? When did they get a policy ? | Who are they ? | When did the policy holders get their policy ?
Hi , can I see the list of customers ? What customers have a policy ? What customers do n't have a policy ? When did they get a policy ? | Who are they ? | When did the policy holders get their policy ? Find the names of customers who have no policies associated.
What is the largest population among the cities ?
What is the largest population among the cities ? Hmm , I want to know the name of the city with this population .
What is the largest population among the cities ? Hmm , I want to know the name of the city with this population . What is the GDP of Shanghai ?
What is the largest population among the cities ? Hmm , I want to know the name of the city with this population . What is the GDP of Shanghai ? what is the GDP of the city with the largest population.
can you show me a list of starting year ?
can you show me a list of starting year ? yes | What information do you want to know about each gender ? | which coach gender is much ?
can you show me a list of starting year ? yes | What information do you want to know about each gender ? | which coach gender is much ? can you show me a list of player 's residence ?
can you show me a list of starting year ? yes | What information do you want to know about each gender ? | which coach gender is much ? can you show me a list of player 's residence ? Show the names and genders of players with a coach starting after 2011
can you show me a list of starting year ? yes | What information do you want to know about each gender ? | which coach gender is much ? can you show me a list of player 's residence ? Show the names and genders of players with a coach starting after 2011 Show the names and genders of players with a coach starting after 2011.
Show me id of all departments .
Show me id of all departments . show me the number of staff of all departments .
Show me id of all departments . show me the number of staff of all departments . show me the department with lowest staff
Show me id of all departments . show me the number of staff of all departments . show me the department with lowest staff What is the id of the department with the least number of staff?
Which flag is least widely used among all ships ?
Which flag is least widely used among all ships ? How many flags in this table ?
Which flag is least widely used among all ships ? How many flags in this table ? How many built year same in this table ? | did you mean 'How many built year saved this table ' ? | Yes .
Which flag is least widely used among all ships ? How many flags in this table ? How many built year same in this table ? | did you mean 'How many built year saved this table ' ? | Yes . How many names in this table ?
Which flag is least widely used among all ships ? How many flags in this table ? How many built year same in this table ? | did you mean 'How many built year saved this table ' ? | Yes . How many names in this table ? How many types in this table ?
Which flag is least widely used among all ships ? How many flags in this table ? How many built year same in this table ? | did you mean 'How many built year saved this table ' ? | Yes . How many names in this table ? How many types in this table ? Which flag is most widely used among all ships?
Which staff handled payments ?
Which staff handled payments ? Which staff handled least number of payments? List the full name and the id.
List names of customers with more than 1 loan
List names of customers with more than 1 loan How about those with only 1 loan ?
List names of customers with more than 1 loan How about those with only 1 loan ? How about those with no loans ?
List names of customers with more than 1 loan How about those with only 1 loan ? How about those with no loans ? List the customers who have mortgages
List names of customers with more than 1 loan How about those with only 1 loan ? How about those with no loans ? List the customers who have mortgages What is their name ?
List names of customers with more than 1 loan How about those with only 1 loan ? How about those with no loans ? List the customers who have mortgages What is their name ? Find the name of customers who have more than one loan.
Show me the addresses of the buildings .
Show me the addresses of the buildings . Any of those have apartments with more than 1 bedrooms ? | Sorry , do you want me to list apartments with more than 1 bedrooms ? | Yes
Show me the addresses of the buildings . Any of those have apartments with more than 1 bedrooms ? | Sorry , do you want me to list apartments with more than 1 bedrooms ? | Yes How about more than 2 bathrooms ?
Show me the addresses of the buildings . Any of those have apartments with more than 1 bedrooms ? | Sorry , do you want me to list apartments with more than 1 bedrooms ? | Yes How about more than 2 bathrooms ? Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
Who won the most manager award ? | Do you mean the first name of the person who won the most manager award ? | Yes , and tell me the last name and the id of that person as well .
Who won the most manager award ? | Do you mean the first name of the person who won the most manager award ? | Yes , and tell me the last name and the id of that person as well . What are the manager's first name, last name and id who won the most manager award?
What are the names of station with lowest lattitude ?
What are the names of station with lowest lattitude ? What is the latitude of the station with the lowest latitude ?
What are the names of station with lowest lattitude ? What is the latitude of the station with the lowest latitude ? Which city is san jose diridon caltrain station located ?
What are the names of station with lowest lattitude ? What is the latitude of the station with the lowest latitude ? Which city is san jose diridon caltrain station located ? What are the name, latitude, and city of the station with the lowest latitude?
tell me the total number of injured in both china and japan
tell me the total number of injured in both china and japan what is the rate of kill in south korea
tell me the total number of injured in both china and japan what is the rate of kill in south korea what is the location of ID 3 | Do you mean the perpetrator ID ? | yes the prepetrator ID
tell me the total number of injured in both china and japan what is the rate of kill in south korea what is the location of ID 3 | Do you mean the perpetrator ID ? | yes the prepetrator ID What is the country that has the most perpetrators?
how many names or products in the table | Do you mean the names of products in the products table | how many headquarter in the Manufacturers table
how many names or products in the table | Do you mean the names of products in the products table | how many headquarter in the Manufacturers table how many revenue in the Manufacturers table | Do you mean the sum of revenue in the Manufacturers table | what highest price in the Products table
how many names or products in the table | Do you mean the names of products in the products table | how many headquarter in the Manufacturers table how many revenue in the Manufacturers table | Do you mean the sum of revenue in the Manufacturers table | what highest price in the Products table Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $150.
Yes , from that list can I have it sorted by order ID ? | Did you mean in the Order table order by order id ? desc or asc ? | My apologies , I meant can I have list of orders which includes the product ids from the orders placed ?
Yes , from that list can I have it sorted by order ID ? | Did you mean in the Order table order by order id ? desc or asc ? | My apologies , I meant can I have list of orders which includes the product ids from the orders placed ? Yes , can I narrow the table based on the date order was placed ? | Did you mean you just want only date order placed ? | No . Is it possible to only receive results from orders placed from 1975-01-01 to 1976-01-01 ?
Yes , from that list can I have it sorted by order ID ? | Did you mean in the Order table order by order id ? desc or asc ? | My apologies , I meant can I have list of orders which includes the product ids from the orders placed ? Yes , can I narrow the table based on the date order was placed ? | Did you mean you just want only date order placed ? | No . Is it possible to only receive results from orders placed from 1975-01-01 to 1976-01-01 ? Give me a list of distinct product ids from orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01?
Which department has the least number of employees ?
Which department has the least number of employees ? What is the name of the department head of General Medicine ?
Which department has the least number of employees ? What is the name of the department head of General Medicine ? Thank you ! What is Percival Cox 's position ?
Which department has the least number of employees ? What is the name of the department head of General Medicine ? Thank you ! What is Percival Cox 's position ? what is the name and position of the head whose department has least number of employees?
How many orders have more than two invoices ?
How many orders have more than two invoices ? What are the order IDs and details ?
How many orders have more than two invoices ? What are the order IDs and details ? What are the customer ID 's for these orders ?
How many orders have more than two invoices ? What are the order IDs and details ? What are the customer ID 's for these orders ? What is the order id and order details for the order more than two invoices.
how many participants on the table
how many participants on the table what is participant type code of karlee batz
how many participants on the table what is participant type code of karlee batz what is most common participant type
how many participants on the table what is participant type code of karlee batz what is most common participant type what is the participant id in lupe deckow
how many participants on the table what is participant type code of karlee batz what is most common participant type what is the participant id in lupe deckow What is the most common participant type?
Find the names of top 3 departments ? | What do you mean by top ? | Top three departments that provide the largest amount of courses ?
Find the names of top 3 departments ? | What do you mean by top ? | Top three departments that provide the largest amount of courses ? Find the names of top 3 departments that provide the lowest amount of courses ?
Find the names of top 3 departments ? | What do you mean by top ? | Top three departments that provide the largest amount of courses ? Find the names of top 3 departments that provide the lowest amount of courses ? Find the names of the top 3 departments that provide the largest amount of courses?
Please show me how many female students have the major 600
Please show me how many female students have the major 600 How many female students are there total ?
Please show me how many female students have the major 600 How many female students are there total ? How many of these women are under 25 years old ?
Please show me how many female students have the major 600 How many female students are there total ? How many of these women are under 25 years old ? Show me the ages of the 9 female students with ages under 25 years .
Please show me how many female students have the major 600 How many female students are there total ? How many of these women are under 25 years old ? Show me the ages of the 9 female students with ages under 25 years . Of all the students under 25 , how many are female ?
Please show me how many female students have the major 600 How many female students are there total ? How many of these women are under 25 years old ? Show me the ages of the 9 female students with ages under 25 years . Of all the students under 25 , how many are female ? What are the names of the female students that are under 25 ?
Please show me how many female students have the major 600 How many female students are there total ? How many of these women are under 25 years old ? Show me the ages of the 9 female students with ages under 25 years . Of all the students under 25 , how many are female ? What are the names of the female students that are under 25 ? How many female students (sex is F) whose age is below 25?
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users .
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users . What is the email and followers of Iron Man ?
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users . What is the email and followers of Iron Man ? What name has the highest followers ?
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users . What is the email and followers of Iron Man ? What name has the highest followers ? How many followers does Tyler Swift have ?
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users . What is the email and followers of Iron Man ? What name has the highest followers ? How many followers does Tyler Swift have ? What is the email and partition id of Tyler Swift ?
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users . What is the email and followers of Iron Man ? What name has the highest followers ? How many followers does Tyler Swift have ? What is the email and partition id of Tyler Swift ? List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users.
How many claim stage ids in this table ?
How many claim stage ids in this table ? How many different staff ids in this table ?
How many claim stage ids in this table ? How many different staff ids in this table ? What is the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on?
What are the names of the hosts that held parties with more than 20 hosts ?
What are the names of the hosts that held parties with more than 20 hosts ? What are the names of the hosts that held parties with the least number of hosts ?
What are the names of the hosts that held parties with more than 20 hosts ? What are the names of the hosts that held parties with the least number of hosts ? What is the location of the party with the oldest host ?
What are the names of the hosts that held parties with more than 20 hosts ? What are the names of the hosts that held parties with the least number of hosts ? What is the location of the party with the oldest host ? Show the host names for parties with number of hosts greater than 20.
Hi , could you please let me know the date of birth of the investors Simon Woodroffe and Peter Jones ?
Hi , could you please let me know the date of birth of the investors Simon Woodroffe and Peter Jones ? That was really quick , thank you . Then can you please tell me how much money they requested , respectively ?
Hi , could you please let me know the date of birth of the investors Simon Woodroffe and Peter Jones ? That was really quick , thank you . Then can you please tell me how much money they requested , respectively ? haha I am sorry , Thanks again for your answer ! : ) Then could you please let me know which entrepreneur requested for the biggest amount of money ?
Hi , could you please let me know the date of birth of the investors Simon Woodroffe and Peter Jones ? That was really quick , thank you . Then can you please tell me how much money they requested , respectively ? haha I am sorry , Thanks again for your answer ! : ) Then could you please let me know which entrepreneur requested for the biggest amount of money ? Glad that I did n't trouble you again : ) Thank you , then could you please let me know the investor 's name and company for the ID ?
Hi , could you please let me know the date of birth of the investors Simon Woodroffe and Peter Jones ? That was really quick , thank you . Then can you please tell me how much money they requested , respectively ? haha I am sorry , Thanks again for your answer ! : ) Then could you please let me know which entrepreneur requested for the biggest amount of money ? Glad that I did n't trouble you again : ) Thank you , then could you please let me know the investor 's name and company for the ID ? What are the dates of birth of entrepreneurs with investor "Simon Woodroffe" or "Peter Jones"?
List grade points by letter grade ?
List grade points by letter grade ? List max of each grade for all letter grades ?
List grade points by letter grade ? List max of each grade for all letter grades ? The max for each letter grade ?
List grade points by letter grade ? List max of each grade for all letter grades ? The max for each letter grade ? List the min grade point for each letter grade ?
List grade points by letter grade ? List max of each grade for all letter grades ? The max for each letter grade ? List the min grade point for each letter grade ? Find the min grade point for all letter grade ?
List grade points by letter grade ? List max of each grade for all letter grades ? The max for each letter grade ? List the min grade point for each letter grade ? Find the min grade point for all letter grade ? Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade ?
List grade points by letter grade ? List max of each grade for all letter grades ? The max for each letter grade ? List the min grade point for each letter grade ? Find the min grade point for all letter grade ? Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade ? Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade.
What is the first name of each student entrolled in class ACCT-211 ?
What is the first name of each student entrolled in class ACCT-211 ? How many class sections ?
What is the first name of each student entrolled in class ACCT-211 ? How many class sections ? What is the class time of ACCT-211 ? | There are multiple class times for ACCT-211 , would you like all of them ? | Yes
What is the first name of each student entrolled in class ACCT-211 ? How many class sections ? What is the class time of ACCT-211 ? | There are multiple class times for ACCT-211 , would you like all of them ? | Yes What is the first name of each student enrolled in class ACCT-211?
Can you list all companies based in Austin and their revenues ?
Can you list all companies based in Austin and their revenues ? Can you list all companies whose revenue is less than 100 ?
Can you list all companies based in Austin and their revenues ? Can you list all companies whose revenue is less than 100 ? Thanks ! What is the respective revenues of Hewlett-Packard and Winchester ?
Can you list all companies based in Austin and their revenues ? Can you list all companies whose revenue is less than 100 ? Thanks ! What is the respective revenues of Hewlett-Packard and Winchester ? Find the name of companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin.
How many hours per week did David Shieber play ? | Do you mean the total hours per week did David Shieber play ? ( He can play different sports ) | Yes , total hours
How many hours per week did David Shieber play ? | Do you mean the total hours per week did David Shieber play ? ( He can play different sports ) | Yes , total hours What are the total number of games he played ?
How many hours per week did David Shieber play ? | Do you mean the total hours per week did David Shieber play ? ( He can play different sports ) | Yes , total hours What are the total number of games he played ? What are the first and last names of the student who played the most total hours per week ?
How many hours per week did David Shieber play ? | Do you mean the total hours per week did David Shieber play ? ( He can play different sports ) | Yes , total hours What are the total number of games he played ? What are the first and last names of the student who played the most total hours per week ? How many total games did she play ?
How many hours per week did David Shieber play ? | Do you mean the total hours per week did David Shieber play ? ( He can play different sports ) | Yes , total hours What are the total number of games he played ? What are the first and last names of the student who played the most total hours per week ? How many total games did she play ? Show total hours per week and number of games played for student David Shieber.
Hi , when was the University of Delaware founded ?
Hi , when was the University of Delaware founded ? and Lebanon Valley College ?
Hi , when was the University of Delaware founded ? and Lebanon Valley College ? What is University of Rhode Island 's affiliation ?
Hi , when was the University of Delaware founded ? and Lebanon Valley College ? What is University of Rhode Island 's affiliation ? Find the schools that were either founded after 1850 or public.
Tell me the Draft Class for the season 1996.0 ?
Tell me the Draft Class for the season 1996.0 ? Tell me the Draft Pick Number for the country 6 ? | For which season do you want ? | for 1998.0
Tell me the Draft Class for the season 1996.0 ? Tell me the Draft Pick Number for the country 6 ? | For which season do you want ? | for 1998.0 Tell me the player for team 1 in the season 1996 ?
Tell me the Draft Class for the season 1996.0 ? Tell me the Draft Pick Number for the country 6 ? | For which season do you want ? | for 1998.0 Tell me the player for team 1 in the season 1996 ? Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender ?
Tell me the Draft Class for the season 1996.0 ? Tell me the Draft Pick Number for the country 6 ? | For which season do you want ? | for 1998.0 Tell me the player for team 1 in the season 1996 ? Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender ? Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender?
What are the residences of the players ?
What are the residences of the players ? Which of those residences have both male and female players ?
What are the residences of the players ? Which of those residences have both male and female players ? How many male players does Winnipeg have ?
What are the residences of the players ? Which of those residences have both male and female players ? How many male players does Winnipeg have ? How many female players does Winnipeg have ?
What are the residences of the players ? Which of those residences have both male and female players ? How many male players does Winnipeg have ? How many female players does Winnipeg have ? How many residences are there in total ?
What are the residences of the players ? Which of those residences have both male and female players ? How many male players does Winnipeg have ? How many female players does Winnipeg have ? How many residences are there in total ? And how many of those six distinct residences have More than one player ?
What are the residences of the players ? Which of those residences have both male and female players ? How many male players does Winnipeg have ? How many female players does Winnipeg have ? How many residences are there in total ? And how many of those six distinct residences have More than one player ? Which residence is the one with more than one player ?
What are the residences of the players ? Which of those residences have both male and female players ? How many male players does Winnipeg have ? How many female players does Winnipeg have ? How many residences are there in total ? And how many of those six distinct residences have More than one player ? Which residence is the one with more than one player ? Show the residences that have at least two players.
Can you show me the top three highest support rates for the candidates ?
Can you show me the top three highest support rates for the candidates ? What polls are those from ? | Did you want the poll source for these polls ? | Yes , please
Can you show me the top three highest support rates for the candidates ? What polls are those from ? | Did you want the poll source for these polls ? | Yes , please What is the name of the poll source with the earliest date ?
Can you show me the top three highest support rates for the candidates ? What polls are those from ? | Did you want the poll source for these polls ? | Yes , please What is the name of the poll source with the earliest date ? what are the top 3 highest support rates?
How many countries have roller coaster ?
How many countries have roller coaster ? How many countries have more than one roller coaster ?
How many countries have roller coaster ? How many countries have more than one roller coaster ? Show the names of the countries that have more than one roller coaster .
How many countries have roller coaster ? How many countries have more than one roller coaster ? Show the names of the countries that have more than one roller coaster . Show the number of roller coasters of Australia and Finland .
How many countries have roller coaster ? How many countries have more than one roller coaster ? Show the names of the countries that have more than one roller coaster . Show the number of roller coasters of Australia and Finland . Show the names of roller coasters of Australia and Finland in separate table
How many countries have roller coaster ? How many countries have more than one roller coaster ? Show the names of the countries that have more than one roller coaster . Show the number of roller coasters of Australia and Finland . Show the names of roller coasters of Australia and Finland in separate table Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster.
Show me the attendance of the team_id CH1 ?
Show me the attendance of the team_id CH1 ? Show me the id of the team that has the largest average number of attendance in 2014 ?
Show me the attendance of the team_id CH1 ? Show me the id of the team that has the largest average number of attendance in 2014 ? Show me the team_id with attendance 3000 ?
Show me the attendance of the team_id CH1 ? Show me the id of the team that has the largest average number of attendance in 2014 ? Show me the team_id with attendance 3000 ? Show me the rank of the team that has the largest average number of attendance ?
Show me the attendance of the team_id CH1 ? Show me the id of the team that has the largest average number of attendance in 2014 ? Show me the team_id with attendance 3000 ? Show me the rank of the team that has the largest average number of attendance ? In 2014, what are the id and rank of the team that has the largest average number of attendance?
What is the highest average monthly rental ? | what do you mean by `` highest average monthly rental '' | sorry , highest monthly rental
What is the highest average monthly rental ? | what do you mean by `` highest average monthly rental '' | sorry , highest monthly rental What is the address ID of that rental ?
What is the highest average monthly rental ? | what do you mean by `` highest average monthly rental '' | sorry , highest monthly rental What is the address ID of that rental ? What is the city of that address ?
What is the highest average monthly rental ? | what do you mean by `` highest average monthly rental '' | sorry , highest monthly rental What is the address ID of that rental ? What is the city of that address ? Find the id and city of the student address with the highest average monthly rental.
What is the name of the airport in Mount Hagen city ?
What is the name of the airport in Mount Hagen city ? Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines '' ?
What is the name of the airport in Mount Hagen city ? Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines '' ? How many active airlines are on the list ?
What is the name of the airport in Mount Hagen city ? Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines '' ? How many active airlines are on the list ? What is the elevation of Madang Airport airport ?
What is the name of the airport in Mount Hagen city ? Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines '' ? How many active airlines are on the list ? What is the elevation of Madang Airport airport ? Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines'.
Oh , sorry . I meant to ask what dorm does the student with the last name of Smith live in ?
Oh , sorry . I meant to ask what dorm does the student with the last name of Smith live in ? What are the amenities of those dorms ?
Oh , sorry . I meant to ask what dorm does the student with the last name of Smith live in ? What are the amenities of those dorms ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the student with the last name of Jones lives in ?
Oh , sorry . I meant to ask what dorm does the student with the last name of Smith live in ? What are the amenities of those dorms ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the student with the last name of Jones lives in ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the oldest student lives in ?
Oh , sorry . I meant to ask what dorm does the student with the last name of Smith live in ? What are the amenities of those dorms ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the student with the last name of Jones lives in ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the oldest student lives in ? What are the amenities of the dorm that has the most female students living in it ?
Oh , sorry . I meant to ask what dorm does the student with the last name of Smith live in ? What are the amenities of those dorms ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the student with the last name of Jones lives in ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the oldest student lives in ? What are the amenities of the dorm that has the most female students living in it ? What are the amenities of the dorm that has the smallest student capacity ?
Oh , sorry . I meant to ask what dorm does the student with the last name of Smith live in ? What are the amenities of those dorms ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the student with the last name of Jones lives in ? What are the amenities of the dorm that the oldest student lives in ? What are the amenities of the dorm that has the most female students living in it ? What are the amenities of the dorm that has the smallest student capacity ? Find the name of amenities of the dorm where the student with last name Smith is living in.
Please list all IDs of students who have registered courses
Please list all IDs of students who have registered courses What are the id of students who registered courses or attended courses?
Who the founder of Sony ? | Did you mean the founder of the manufacturer named Sony ? | Yes
Who the founder of Sony ? | Did you mean the founder of the manufacturer named Sony ? | Yes Which company is headed by Austin city ? | Did you mean the name of manufacturers whose headquarters are Austin ? | Yes
Who the founder of Sony ? | Did you mean the founder of the manufacturer named Sony ? | Yes Which company is headed by Austin city ? | Did you mean the name of manufacturers whose headquarters are Austin ? | Yes What are the revenue of manufacture name Hewlett-Packard ?
Who the founder of Sony ? | Did you mean the founder of the manufacturer named Sony ? | Yes Which company is headed by Austin city ? | Did you mean the name of manufacturers whose headquarters are Austin ? | Yes What are the revenue of manufacture name Hewlett-Packard ? Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing .
Who the founder of Sony ? | Did you mean the founder of the manufacturer named Sony ? | Yes Which company is headed by Austin city ? | Did you mean the name of manufacturers whose headquarters are Austin ? | Yes What are the revenue of manufacture name Hewlett-Packard ? Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing . Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing.
How many parts have more than 2 faults ?
How many parts have more than 2 faults ? What are the parts with more than 2 faults ? | Here are the names of the parts with more than 2 faults | What are the name 's and id 's of the parts with more than 2 faults ?
How many parts have more than 2 faults ? What are the parts with more than 2 faults ? | Here are the names of the parts with more than 2 faults | What are the name 's and id 's of the parts with more than 2 faults ? Which parts have more than 2 faults? Show the part name and id.
How many courses are offered ?
How many courses are offered ? How many courses have more than one prerequisite ?
How many courses are offered ? How many courses have more than one prerequisite ? Can you tell me the titles of those courses ?
How many courses are offered ? How many courses have more than one prerequisite ? Can you tell me the titles of those courses ? What departments are those courses in ?
How many courses are offered ? How many courses have more than one prerequisite ? Can you tell me the titles of those courses ? What departments are those courses in ? Can you also provide the number of credits for each of those courses ?
How many courses are offered ? How many courses have more than one prerequisite ? Can you tell me the titles of those courses ? What departments are those courses in ? Can you also provide the number of credits for each of those courses ? Find the title, credit, and department name of courses that have more than one prerequisites?
Where does the student live ? | Which student are you referring to ? | Is there any students living in HKG or CHI ?
Where does the student live ? | Which student are you referring to ? | Is there any students living in HKG or CHI ? How many students live in HKG or CHI?
how many customers are presented on the table
how many customers are presented on the table show all the customers name
how many customers are presented on the table show all the customers name what is the customer number of Kayley
how many customers are presented on the table show all the customers name what is the customer number of Kayley what is the order status code of Sterling
how many customers are presented on the table show all the customers name what is the customer number of Kayley what is the order status code of Sterling show the name of the customer who has the most orders
how many customers are presented on the table show all the customers name what is the customer number of Kayley what is the order status code of Sterling show the name of the customer who has the most orders Show the name of the customer who has the most orders.
Could you please find all the procedures that cost more than 1000 ?
Could you please find all the procedures that cost more than 1000 ? Could you please find all the procedure that Jon Wen was trained in ?
Could you please find all the procedures that cost more than 1000 ? Could you please find all the procedure that Jon Wen was trained in ? What are the names of the procedures that cost more than 1000 and are procedures John Wen was trained in ?
Could you please find all the procedures that cost more than 1000 ? Could you please find all the procedure that Jon Wen was trained in ? What are the names of the procedures that cost more than 1000 and are procedures John Wen was trained in ? When do all of John Wen 's certifications expire ?
Could you please find all the procedures that cost more than 1000 ? Could you please find all the procedure that Jon Wen was trained in ? What are the names of the procedures that cost more than 1000 and are procedures John Wen was trained in ? When do all of John Wen 's certifications expire ? Find all procedures which cost more than 1000 or which physician John Wen was trained in.
How many stadiums are there ?
How many stadiums are there ? How many games has each stadium held ?
How many stadiums are there ? How many games has each stadium held ? What is the total attendance of each stadium ?
How many stadiums are there ? How many games has each stadium held ? What is the total attendance of each stadium ? How many games has each stadium held?
what is the fault status of engineer visit id 1 ?
what is the fault status of engineer visit id 1 ? what is fault status of engineer id 8 ?
what is the fault status of engineer visit id 1 ? what is fault status of engineer id 8 ? what about the other visit details of engineer id 8 ?
what is the fault status of engineer visit id 1 ? what is fault status of engineer id 8 ? what about the other visit details of engineer id 8 ? How many engineers did each staff contact? List both the contact staff name and number of engineers contacted.
how many customers are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask how many entries there are in the table customer ? | exactly
how many customers are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask how many entries there are in the table customer ? | exactly list out the customers first name
how many customers are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask how many entries there are in the table customer ? | exactly list out the customers first name Where does the customer with the first name Linda live? And what is her email?
Display the 10 least expensive invoices | Would you like a list of the id 's of these invoices ? | No .
Display the 10 least expensive invoices | Would you like a list of the id 's of these invoices ? | No . Please list the first and last names of each customer on this list .
Display the 10 least expensive invoices | Would you like a list of the id 's of these invoices ? | No . Please list the first and last names of each customer on this list . List the customers first and last name of 10 least expensive invoices.
How many cities have a regional population over 8000000 ?
How many cities have a regional population over 8000000 ? How many cities have a population under 5000000 ?
How many cities have a regional population over 8000000 ? How many cities have a population under 5000000 ? What are the names of those cities ?
How many cities have a regional population over 8000000 ? How many cities have a population under 5000000 ? What are the names of those cities ? Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 8000000 or under 5000000.
What about the code with the least rooms ?
What about the code with the least rooms ? What is the building ID with apartment Suite 645 ?
What about the code with the least rooms ? What is the building ID with apartment Suite 645 ? Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
can you show me a list of allergies ?
can you show me a list of allergies ? can you show me a list of allergy name ?
can you show me a list of allergies ? can you show me a list of allergy name ? what is their allergy types ?
can you show me a list of allergies ? can you show me a list of allergy name ? what is their allergy types ? how many students have a food allergy ?
can you show me a list of allergies ? can you show me a list of allergy name ? what is their allergy types ? how many students have a food allergy ? How many students have a food allergy?
Which building is the highest ?
Which building is the highest ? How tall is the Torre Reforma ?
Which building is the highest ? How tall is the Torre Reforma ? How many stories does the highest building have ?
Which building is the highest ? How tall is the Torre Reforma ? How many stories does the highest building have ? Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC , please ?
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC , please ? What is the number of students who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle ?
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC , please ? What is the number of students who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle ? What are the first names and last names of those students ?
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC , please ? What is the number of students who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle ? What are the first names and last names of those students ? Find the number of students whose city code is NYC and who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle.
How many students are majoring in `` 600 '' ?
How many students are majoring in `` 600 '' ? Can you show me only those students ?
How many students are majoring in `` 600 '' ? Can you show me only those students ? Can you also show me what clubs they are in ?
How many students are majoring in `` 600 '' ? Can you show me only those students ? Can you also show me what clubs they are in ? How many students who are majoring in 600 are in each of those clubs ?
How many students are majoring in `` 600 '' ? Can you show me only those students ? Can you also show me what clubs they are in ? How many students who are majoring in 600 are in each of those clubs ? Which club has the most members majoring in "600"?
what is the building id for the apt number suite 645
what is the building id for the apt number suite 645 what is the bathroom count and bedroom count of the apartment number suite 645 ?
what is the building id for the apt number suite 645 what is the bathroom count and bedroom count of the apartment number suite 645 ? what is the room count in the building 624 ?
what is the building id for the apt number suite 645 what is the bathroom count and bedroom count of the apartment number suite 645 ? what is the room count in the building 624 ? what is minimum and maximum number of bathrooms and bedrooms of all the apartments ?
what is the building id for the apt number suite 645 what is the bathroom count and bedroom count of the apartment number suite 645 ? what is the room count in the building 624 ? what is minimum and maximum number of bathrooms and bedrooms of all the apartments ? what is the building_id of the apartment apt.908 ?
what is the building id for the apt number suite 645 what is the bathroom count and bedroom count of the apartment number suite 645 ? what is the room count in the building 624 ? what is minimum and maximum number of bathrooms and bedrooms of all the apartments ? what is the building_id of the apartment apt.908 ? What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
What are the names and positions of all physicians who prescribed brand X medications ?
What are the names and positions of all physicians who prescribed brand X medications ? What were the dates he prescribed those medications ?
What are the names and positions of all physicians who prescribed brand X medications ? What were the dates he prescribed those medications ? What was the dose of that medication ?
What are the names and positions of all physicians who prescribed brand X medications ? What were the dates he prescribed those medications ? What was the dose of that medication ? Find the name and position of physicians who prescribe some medication whose brand is X?
Who are the technicians ?
Who are the technicians ? Show me which team of machine each technician is assigned .
Who are the technicians ? Show me which team of machine each technician is assigned . Show names of technicians and series of machines they are assigned to repair.
Which flight has the least velocity in the list ? | What info do you want about that flight ? id ? date ? number ? or something else ? | I want the number
Which flight has the least velocity in the list ? | What info do you want about that flight ? id ? date ? number ? or something else ? | I want the number State the principal activities of Air Hong Kong ?
Which flight has the least velocity in the list ? | What info do you want about that flight ? id ? date ? number ? or something else ? | I want the number State the principal activities of Air Hong Kong ? What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200 ?
Which flight has the least velocity in the list ? | What info do you want about that flight ? id ? date ? number ? or something else ? | I want the number State the principal activities of Air Hong Kong ? What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200 ? State the type of air china in the list ?
Which flight has the least velocity in the list ? | What info do you want about that flight ? id ? date ? number ? or something else ? | I want the number State the principal activities of Air Hong Kong ? What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200 ? State the type of air china in the list ? What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200?
What are the ids of 3 players that won the most awards ?
What are the ids of 3 players that won the most awards ? Can you show me the names and ids for this list ? | The result shows the full names and ids of 3 players that won the most awards . | What are the city , state and country for these players ?
What are the ids of 3 players that won the most awards ? Can you show me the names and ids for this list ? | The result shows the full names and ids of 3 players that won the most awards . | What are the city , state and country for these players ? Can you also show me the birth dates ?
What are the ids of 3 players that won the most awards ? Can you show me the names and ids for this list ? | The result shows the full names and ids of 3 players that won the most awards . | What are the city , state and country for these players ? Can you also show me the birth dates ? Which 3 players won the most player awards? List their full name and id.
Can you list the color code that has a color description of 'white ' ?
Can you list the color code that has a color description of 'white ' ? Can you list all product ids and their associated product category codes that have a color code value of 2 ?
Can you list the color code that has a color description of 'white ' ? Can you list all product ids and their associated product category codes that have a color code value of 2 ? Sure , can you add to the table the unit of measure values for the product category codes of Spices and Herbs ?
Can you list the color code that has a color description of 'white ' ? Can you list all product ids and their associated product category codes that have a color code value of 2 ? Sure , can you add to the table the unit of measure values for the product category codes of Spices and Herbs ? Please delete that information and only show the product name for the product with a product id of 2 .
Can you list the color code that has a color description of 'white ' ? Can you list all product ids and their associated product category codes that have a color code value of 2 ? Sure , can you add to the table the unit of measure values for the product category codes of Spices and Herbs ? Please delete that information and only show the product name for the product with a product id of 2 . Find the product names that are colored 'white' but do not have unit of measurement "Handful".
how many apartments have bookings with status code `` confirmed '' ?
how many apartments have bookings with status code `` confirmed '' ? show me the apartment type for the 7 apartments
how many apartments have bookings with status code `` confirmed '' ? show me the apartment type for the 7 apartments what are the apartment numbers for those 7 ?
how many apartments have bookings with status code `` confirmed '' ? show me the apartment type for the 7 apartments what are the apartment numbers for those 7 ? Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
how many names or student in the table | Do you mean the LName or Fname ? | how many count in male or female in the student table
how many names or student in the table | Do you mean the LName or Fname ? | how many count in male or female in the student table Find the number of students whose age is older than the average age for each gender.
What are the degrees conferred in `` San Francisco State University '' ?
What are the degrees conferred in `` San Francisco State University '' ? What are the degrees conferred in `` San Francisco State University '' in 2001 ?
What are the degrees conferred in `` San Francisco State University '' ? What are the degrees conferred in `` San Francisco State University '' in 2001 ? What are the degrees conferred in "San Francisco State University" in 2001.
list all department code and department name
list all department code and department name Sorry , I meant to show me all the course codes where department code is `` CIS ''
list all department code and department name Sorry , I meant to show me all the course codes where department code is `` CIS '' can I get a count of these courses where department code is `` CIS '' ?
list all department code and department name Sorry , I meant to show me all the course codes where department code is `` CIS '' can I get a count of these courses where department code is `` CIS '' ? How many courses are offered by the Computer Info. Systems department?
What is the student Id of Linda Smith ?
What is the student Id of Linda Smith ? What is her age ?
What is the student Id of Linda Smith ? What is her age ? What city is she in ?
What is the student Id of Linda Smith ? What is her age ? What city is she in ? Which city does student Linda Smith live in?
What is the name of airport in the city Goroka ?
What is the name of airport in the city Goroka ? Which airport situate in the elevation 5282 ?
What is the name of airport in the city Goroka ? Which airport situate in the elevation 5282 ? What is the iata of Madang airport ?
What is the name of airport in the city Goroka ? Which airport situate in the elevation 5282 ? What is the iata of Madang airport ? List the cities which have more than one airport and number of airports.
How many employees are there ?
How many employees are there ? Which of the role codes has the most employees ?
How many employees are there ? Which of the role codes has the most employees ? How many employees does role code ED have ?
How many employees are there ? Which of the role codes has the most employees ? How many employees does role code ED have ? What is the role code with the largest number of employees?
How about the rest of people ?
How about the rest of people ? oh , sorry , please show their names and birth places .
How about the rest of people ? oh , sorry , please show their names and birth places . List the names and origins of people who are not body builders.
May I have a list of authors ?
May I have a list of authors ? Can you give me a list of all authors from Florida , or Temple ? | Do you mean the authors whose college is Florida or Temple ? | Yes I did .
May I have a list of authors ? Can you give me a list of all authors from Florida , or Temple ? | Do you mean the authors whose college is Florida or Temple ? | Yes I did . Show the names of authors from college "Florida" or "Temple"
What state or province has the most staff living in it ?
What state or province has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Georgia ?
What state or province has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Georgia ? What city in Georgia has the most staff living in it ?
What state or province has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Georgia ? What city in Georgia has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Port Melyssa and what are their names ? | first name or last name ? | both please
What state or province has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Georgia ? What city in Georgia has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Port Melyssa and what are their names ? | first name or last name ? | both please What are all their birthdays ?
What state or province has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Georgia ? What city in Georgia has the most staff living in it ? What is the number of staff living in Port Melyssa and what are their names ? | first name or last name ? | both please What are all their birthdays ? Which city lives most of staffs? List the city name and number of staffs.
Show me the number of students of all cities | Do you mean the total count of students | Yes
Show me the number of students of all cities | Do you mean the total count of students | Yes Show me the count of students for each city
Show me the number of students of all cities | Do you mean the total count of students | Yes Show me the count of students for each city Show me the count of students for the cities where have more than one student
Show me the number of students of all cities | Do you mean the total count of students | Yes Show me the count of students for each city Show me the count of students for the cities where have more than one student Find the number of students for the cities where have more than one student.
can you show me the name and salary of all instructors ?
can you show me the name and salary of all instructors ? How much does the biology professor make ?
can you show me the name and salary of all instructors ? How much does the biology professor make ? How many professors make more than Valtchev ?
can you show me the name and salary of all instructors ? How much does the biology professor make ? How many professors make more than Valtchev ? Can you tell me the names of the professors that make more than Valtchev ?
can you show me the name and salary of all instructors ? How much does the biology professor make ? How many professors make more than Valtchev ? Can you tell me the names of the professors that make more than Valtchev ? Find the names of all instructors whose salary is greater than the salary of all instructors in the Biology department.
Which cities have served as host cities ? | Do you want the names of the cities who served as host cities ? | Yes .
Which cities have served as host cities ? | Do you want the names of the cities who served as host cities ? | Yes . Which of these host cities has a lower temperature in March than July .
Which cities have served as host cities ? | Do you want the names of the cities who served as host cities ? | Yes . Which of these host cities has a lower temperature in March than July . Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities?
which friend of zachs has the longest year relationship ?
which friend of zachs has the longest year relationship ? how old is dan ?
which friend of zachs has the longest year relationship ? how old is dan ? what city does Zach live ?
which friend of zachs has the longest year relationship ? how old is dan ? what city does Zach live ? what age is zach ?
which friend of zachs has the longest year relationship ? how old is dan ? what city does Zach live ? what age is zach ? what is zach 's job ?
which friend of zachs has the longest year relationship ? how old is dan ? what city does Zach live ? what age is zach ? what is zach 's job ? What is the age of the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin ?
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin ? What 's the status of the lesson by the customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin ? What 's the status of the lesson by the customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin What 's the customer id of the customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin ?
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin ? What 's the status of the lesson by the customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin What 's the customer id of the customer with first name Rylan and last name Goodwin ? How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin?
how many different types of apartments are there ?
how many different types of apartments are there ? what are they ?
how many different types of apartments are there ? what are they ? Great ! how many apartments does each of them have ?
how many different types of apartments are there ? what are they ? Great ! how many apartments does each of them have ? could you please show their names as well ? | Do you mean the apartment type code ? | yes !
how many different types of apartments are there ? what are they ? Great ! how many apartments does each of them have ? could you please show their names as well ? | Do you mean the apartment type code ? | yes ! ok , which of them is the most common one ?
how many different types of apartments are there ? what are they ? Great ! how many apartments does each of them have ? could you please show their names as well ? | Do you mean the apartment type code ? | yes ! ok , which of them is the most common one ? Show the most common apartment type code.
how many Services there
how many Services there what is the Check of service_id | Do you mean the service_id of all services with service_type_code `` Check '' ? | ok
how many Services there what is the Check of service_id | Do you mean the service_id of all services with service_type_code `` Check '' ? | ok how many Organizations there
how many Services there what is the Check of service_id | Do you mean the service_id of all services with service_type_code `` Check '' ? | ok how many Organizations there What is the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party'?
Can you list all the colleges and their enrollments ?
Can you list all the colleges and their enrollments ? Which college has the largest enrollment ?
Can you list all the colleges and their enrollments ? Which college has the largest enrollment ? Hmm , I also want to know which colleges have enrollments that are less than the largest size .
Can you list all the colleges and their enrollments ? Which college has the largest enrollment ? Hmm , I also want to know which colleges have enrollments that are less than the largest size . Can you list the states of those colleges ?
Can you list all the colleges and their enrollments ? Which college has the largest enrollment ? Hmm , I also want to know which colleges have enrollments that are less than the largest size . Can you list the states of those colleges ? Find the states where have the colleges whose enrollments are less than the largest size.
May I know the album names and ids , and the number of tracks they have ?
May I know the album names and ids , and the number of tracks they have ? Hmm , can you list the album names and the artist ids ?
May I know the album names and ids , and the number of tracks they have ? Hmm , can you list the album names and the artist ids ? Can you also list the title of albums that have the number of tracks greater than 10 ?
May I know the album names and ids , and the number of tracks they have ? Hmm , can you list the album names and the artist ids ? Can you also list the title of albums that have the number of tracks greater than 10 ? List title of albums have the number of tracks greater than 10.
what are the busiest airport in china ? | busiest source airport or destination airport ? | busiest source airport
what are the busiest airport in china ? | busiest source airport or destination airport ? | busiest source airport what is the source airport id ?
what are the busiest airport in china ? | busiest source airport or destination airport ? | busiest source airport what is the source airport id ? what is the airline for source airport ?
what are the busiest airport in china ? | busiest source airport or destination airport ? | busiest source airport what is the source airport id ? what is the airline for source airport ? Find the busiest source airport that runs most number of routes in China.
How many songs are there ?
How many songs are there ? Who sings the song with a length of 5minutes and 23 seconds ?
How many songs are there ? Who sings the song with a length of 5minutes and 23 seconds ? what 's the id of that song ?
How many songs are there ? Who sings the song with a length of 5minutes and 23 seconds ? what 's the id of that song ? What is the id of the longest song?
Show the Document code for document type code Book ?
Show the Document code for document type code Book ? Show the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times ?
Show the Document code for document type code Book ? Show the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times ? Show the name of the documents and the count of how many times each has been accessed ?
Show the Document code for document type code Book ? Show the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times ? Show the name of the documents and the count of how many times each has been accessed ? Find the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times, as well as the count of how many times it has been accessed?
Show me all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015
Show me all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015 When were those branches opened ?
Show me all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015 When were those branches opened ? How many branches have the number of members in each branch registered after 2015 ? | Did you mean the number of branches which have some members registered after 2015 ? | Thanks !
Show me all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015 When were those branches opened ? How many branches have the number of members in each branch registered after 2015 ? | Did you mean the number of branches which have some members registered after 2015 ? | Thanks ! Show all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015.
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not the goalie position ?
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not the goalie position ? What about states that have some college students playing in the goalie position ?
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not the goalie position ? What about states that have some college students playing in the goalie position ? What about in the striker position ?
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not the goalie position ? What about states that have some college students playing in the goalie position ? What about in the striker position ? What is the college name for that one ?
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not the goalie position ? What about states that have some college students playing in the goalie position ? What about in the striker position ? What is the college name for that one ? Was there a decision on that position ?
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not the goalie position ? What about states that have some college students playing in the goalie position ? What about in the striker position ? What is the college name for that one ? Was there a decision on that position ? Find the names of states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
What is the average savings account balance ?
What is the average savings account balance ? Which accounts with checking accounts have savings account balances higher than the average savings balance ?
What is the average savings account balance ? Which accounts with checking accounts have savings account balances higher than the average savings balance ? What is its checking account balance ?
What is the average savings account balance ? Which accounts with checking accounts have savings account balances higher than the average savings balance ? What is its checking account balance ? Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
How many countries are our customers located in ?
How many countries are our customers located in ? How many customers do we have with the last name Almeida ?
How many countries are our customers located in ? How many customers do we have with the last name Almeida ? Show me the country where Roberto Almeida is located
How many countries are our customers located in ? How many customers do we have with the last name Almeida ? Show me the country where Roberto Almeida is located What country does Roberto Almeida live?
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? How many allergies are there ?
How many students are there ? How many allergies are there ? Can you display all student IDs with at least two allergies ?
How many students are there ? How many allergies are there ? Can you display all student IDs with at least two allergies ? Show all student IDs who have at least two allergies.
What is the membership card of Breton , Robert ?
What is the membership card of Breton , Robert ? What is the age of Breton , Robert ?
What is the membership card of Breton , Robert ? What is the age of Breton , Robert ? Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
Can you display the salary and name of the employees ?
Can you display the salary and name of the employees ? What is the name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates ?
Can you display the salary and name of the employees ? What is the name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates ? Hmm , can you just list his salary ?
Can you display the salary and name of the employees ? What is the name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates ? Hmm , can you just list his salary ? what is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates?
Whsts the name of the student thst took prerequisite course title internatoinal finance ?
Whsts the name of the student thst took prerequisite course title internatoinal finance ? What is the title of course id 787 ?
Whsts the name of the student thst took prerequisite course title internatoinal finance ? What is the title of course id 787 ? What is the department name of course id 787 ?
Whsts the name of the student thst took prerequisite course title internatoinal finance ? What is the title of course id 787 ? What is the department name of course id 787 ? Find the name of students who have taken the prerequisite course of the course with title International Finance.
What is the grade of CID 550.681 ? | Did you mean the grades of students who enrolled in the course with CID 550.681 ? | YES
What is the grade of CID 550.681 ? | Did you mean the grades of students who enrolled in the course with CID 550.681 ? | YES How many hours computer literacy course in a week ?
What is the grade of CID 550.681 ? | Did you mean the grades of students who enrolled in the course with CID 550.681 ? | YES How many hours computer literacy course in a week ? In which day of a week the course introduction to computer science is taught ?
What is the grade of CID 550.681 ? | Did you mean the grades of students who enrolled in the course with CID 550.681 ? | YES How many hours computer literacy course in a week ? In which day of a week the course introduction to computer science is taught ? What are the name of courses that have at least five enrollments?
How many players have a yCard ?
How many players have a yCard ? What is the average HS score of all players ?
How many players have a yCard ? What is the average HS score of all players ? Which player has the lowest HS score ?
How many players have a yCard ? What is the average HS score of all players ? Which player has the lowest HS score ? What is the pID for Andrew ?
How many players have a yCard ? What is the average HS score of all players ? Which player has the lowest HS score ? What is the pID for Andrew ? And for Blake ?
How many players have a yCard ? What is the average HS score of all players ? Which player has the lowest HS score ? What is the pID for Andrew ? And for Blake ? How many players are there ?
How many players have a yCard ? What is the average HS score of all players ? Which player has the lowest HS score ? What is the pID for Andrew ? And for Blake ? How many players are there ? What are there names ?
How many players have a yCard ? What is the average HS score of all players ? Which player has the lowest HS score ? What is the pID for Andrew ? And for Blake ? How many players are there ? What are there names ? Which colleges do the tryout players whose name starts with letter D go to?
Can you tell me which room number has a capacity higher than the average capacity ?
Can you tell me which room number has a capacity higher than the average capacity ? What is the range of capacity among rooms in each building ?
Can you tell me which room number has a capacity higher than the average capacity ? What is the range of capacity among rooms in each building ? Which building houses the room that has the maximum capacity ?
Can you tell me which room number has a capacity higher than the average capacity ? What is the range of capacity among rooms in each building ? Which building houses the room that has the maximum capacity ? Which building houses the room that has the minimum capacity ?
Can you tell me which room number has a capacity higher than the average capacity ? What is the range of capacity among rooms in each building ? Which building houses the room that has the maximum capacity ? Which building houses the room that has the minimum capacity ? Find the maximum and average capacity among rooms in each building.
Show me the cities | Do you mean you want the cities where there are branches there ? | yes
Show me the cities | Do you mean you want the cities where there are branches there ? | yes show me the number of branches of cities
Show me the cities | Do you mean you want the cities where there are branches there ? | yes show me the number of branches of cities Count the branches opened before 2010 ?
Show me the cities | Do you mean you want the cities where there are branches there ? | yes show me the number of branches of cities Count the branches opened before 2010 ? Count branches opened before 2010 for each city
Show me the cities | Do you mean you want the cities where there are branches there ? | yes show me the number of branches of cities Count the branches opened before 2010 ? Count branches opened before 2010 for each city Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city.
How much is the salary for employee id 163 ?
How much is the salary for employee id 163 ? What is employee id 163 full name ?
How much is the salary for employee id 163 ? What is employee id 163 full name ? Show me the full name for the employees that get more salary then employee 163 ?
How much is the salary for employee id 163 ? What is employee id 163 full name ? Show me the full name for the employees that get more salary then employee 163 ? What department does employee 163 work under ?
How much is the salary for employee id 163 ? What is employee id 163 full name ? Show me the full name for the employees that get more salary then employee 163 ? What department does employee 163 work under ? How many employee 's work for employee 's 163 department ?
How much is the salary for employee id 163 ? What is employee id 163 full name ? Show me the full name for the employees that get more salary then employee 163 ? What department does employee 163 work under ? How many employee 's work for employee 's 163 department ? Who is the head of this department ?
How much is the salary for employee id 163 ? What is employee id 163 full name ? Show me the full name for the employees that get more salary then employee 163 ? What department does employee 163 work under ? How many employee 's work for employee 's 163 department ? Who is the head of this department ? What is the full name ( first name and last name ) for those employees who gets more salary than the employee whose id is 163?
what is the Open Date of Pure Church of Christ ? | Did you mean the open date of the church named Pure Church of Christ ? | yes
what is the Open Date of Pure Church of Christ ? | Did you mean the open date of the church named Pure Church of Christ ? | yes who organized the Pure Church of Christ ?
what is the Open Date of Pure Church of Christ ? | Did you mean the open date of the church named Pure Church of Christ ? | yes who organized the Pure Church of Christ ? what is the ID of the Church of Christ ?
what is the Open Date of Pure Church of Christ ? | Did you mean the open date of the church named Pure Church of Christ ? | yes who organized the Pure Church of Christ ? what is the ID of the Church of Christ ? which church was organized by Ezra Booth ? | Did you want the name of the church organized by Ezra Booth . | yes
what is the Open Date of Pure Church of Christ ? | Did you mean the open date of the church named Pure Church of Christ ? | yes who organized the Pure Church of Christ ? what is the ID of the Church of Christ ? which church was organized by Ezra Booth ? | Did you want the name of the church organized by Ezra Booth . | yes Show the opening year in which at least two churches opened
what is the Open Date of Pure Church of Christ ? | Did you mean the open date of the church named Pure Church of Christ ? | yes who organized the Pure Church of Christ ? what is the ID of the Church of Christ ? which church was organized by Ezra Booth ? | Did you want the name of the church organized by Ezra Booth . | yes Show the opening year in which at least two churches opened Show the opening year in whcih at least two churches opened.
What is the ID of the project with the least number of documents ?
What is the ID of the project with the least number of documents ? What is the ID of the project with the most number of documents ?
What is the ID of the project with the least number of documents ? What is the ID of the project with the most number of documents ? What is the document date of project ID 105 ? | Do you mean Document ID 105 | yes
What is the ID of the project with the least number of documents ? What is the ID of the project with the most number of documents ? What is the document date of project ID 105 ? | Do you mean Document ID 105 | yes What is the id of the project with least number of documents?
Can you show me all the product names , codes and ids ? | Do you mean the product names , color codes and ids ? | Yes please .
Can you show me all the product names , codes and ids ? | Do you mean the product names , color codes and ids ? | Yes please . I want to know the the product names and their color descriptions .
Can you show me all the product names , codes and ids ? | Do you mean the product names , color codes and ids ? | Yes please . I want to know the the product names and their color descriptions . Hmm , can you tell me the color description of the product with the name “ catnip ” ?
Can you show me all the product names , codes and ids ? | Do you mean the product names , color codes and ids ? | Yes please . I want to know the the product names and their color descriptions . Hmm , can you tell me the color description of the product with the name “ catnip ” ? What is the color description of the product with name "catnip"?
What are the school names of the schools without school buses ?
What are the school names of the schools without school buses ? Can you please get me the types of those schools ?
What are the school names of the schools without school buses ? Can you please get me the types of those schools ? what are schools in Hawaii have school buses ?
What are the school names of the schools without school buses ? Can you please get me the types of those schools ? what are schools in Hawaii have school buses ? What about in Indonesia ?
What are the school names of the schools without school buses ? Can you please get me the types of those schools ? what are schools in Hawaii have school buses ? What about in Indonesia ? How many private schools are in Hawaii ?
What are the school names of the schools without school buses ? Can you please get me the types of those schools ? what are schools in Hawaii have school buses ? What about in Indonesia ? How many private schools are in Hawaii ? Show the school name and type for schools without a school bus.
What is the customer id that spends the most
What is the customer id that spends the most For that Customer with ID 12 , what was the amount they spend ?
What is the customer id that spends the most For that Customer with ID 12 , what was the amount they spend ? What was the payment type of customer with ID 12 ?
What is the customer id that spends the most For that Customer with ID 12 , what was the amount they spend ? What was the payment type of customer with ID 12 ? What is the maximum total amount paid by a customer? List the customer id and amount.
I 'm looking for the things with Close status before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you want things that satisfy both criteria or at least at of them ? And do you want the ids or other ? | I want the number of things in a close status
I 'm looking for the things with Close status before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you want things that satisfy both criteria or at least at of them ? And do you want the ids or other ? | I want the number of things in a close status of those things which are closed before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you still want the number of them ? | Yes
I 'm looking for the things with Close status before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you want things that satisfy both criteria or at least at of them ? And do you want the ids or other ? | I want the number of things in a close status of those things which are closed before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you still want the number of them ? | Yes What type of thing are all five of those ?
I 'm looking for the things with Close status before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you want things that satisfy both criteria or at least at of them ? And do you want the ids or other ? | I want the number of things in a close status of those things which are closed before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you still want the number of them ? | Yes What type of thing are all five of those ? What is the distinct ID of elctronics or Commen ?
I 'm looking for the things with Close status before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you want things that satisfy both criteria or at least at of them ? And do you want the ids or other ? | I want the number of things in a close status of those things which are closed before 2017-06-19 02:59:21 | Do you still want the number of them ? | Yes What type of thing are all five of those ? What is the distinct ID of elctronics or Commen ? What are the distinct id and type of the thing that has the status 'Close' or has a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21'
Hi there ! Can you tell me how many school have an affiliation type that is not public ?
Hi there ! Can you tell me how many school have an affiliation type that is not public ? Can you please tell me the name of that school and the enrollment ?
Hi there ! Can you tell me how many school have an affiliation type that is not public ? Can you please tell me the name of that school and the enrollment ? What year was that school founded ?
Hi there ! Can you tell me how many school have an affiliation type that is not public ? Can you please tell me the name of that school and the enrollment ? What year was that school founded ? Find the founded year of the newest non public school.
What is the send date of document Id 2 ?
What is the send date of document Id 2 ? What is the organisation details of Id 3 ? | Do you mean the organisation id of grant id 3 ? | yes
What is the send date of document Id 2 ? What is the organisation details of Id 3 ? | Do you mean the organisation id of grant id 3 ? | yes What is the grant end date of grant id 3 ?
What is the send date of document Id 2 ? What is the organisation details of Id 3 ? | Do you mean the organisation id of grant id 3 ? | yes What is the grant end date of grant id 3 ? Find out the send dates of the documents with the grant amount of more than 5000 were granted by organisation type described
Find the station id of Ananthapuri Express ? | the station ids that serve the train Ananthapuri Express are 1 and 2 | What are the annual entry exit of station id 1 ?
Find the station id of Ananthapuri Express ? | the station ids that serve the train Ananthapuri Express are 1 and 2 | What are the annual entry exit of station id 1 ? Find the total passengers of station id 1 and 2 ?
Find the station id of Ananthapuri Express ? | the station ids that serve the train Ananthapuri Express are 1 and 2 | What are the annual entry exit of station id 1 ? Find the total passengers of station id 1 and 2 ? What are the names of the stations which serve both `` Ananthapuri Express '' and `` Guruvayur Express '' train ?
Find the station id of Ananthapuri Express ? | the station ids that serve the train Ananthapuri Express are 1 and 2 | What are the annual entry exit of station id 1 ? Find the total passengers of station id 1 and 2 ? What are the names of the stations which serve both `` Ananthapuri Express '' and `` Guruvayur Express '' train ? What are the names of the stations which serve both "Ananthapuri Express" and "Guruvayur Express" trains?
Hello Yes , I 'm interested to know which college has two players
Hello Yes , I 'm interested to know which college has two players Oh , I see , and what are the names of the players from UCLA ?
Hello Yes , I 'm interested to know which college has two players Oh , I see , and what are the names of the players from UCLA ? Can you also tell me which position they play ?
Hello Yes , I 'm interested to know which college has two players Oh , I see , and what are the names of the players from UCLA ? Can you also tell me which position they play ? Great , I 'm a bit curious as to how many players does UNLV have
Hello Yes , I 'm interested to know which college has two players Oh , I see , and what are the names of the players from UCLA ? Can you also tell me which position they play ? Great , I 'm a bit curious as to how many players does UNLV have One player , okay was the season 1997 ?
Hello Yes , I 'm interested to know which college has two players Oh , I see , and what are the names of the players from UCLA ? Can you also tell me which position they play ? Great , I 'm a bit curious as to how many players does UNLV have One player , okay was the season 1997 ? Show the name of colleges that have at least two players.
What is the address for FJA Filming ?
What is the address for FJA Filming ? What state is that in ?
What is the address for FJA Filming ? What state is that in ? What is the city ?
What is the address for FJA Filming ? What state is that in ? What is the city ? Last what is the phone number ?
What is the address for FJA Filming ? What state is that in ? What is the city ? Last what is the phone number ? Which city is the address of the store named "FJA Filming" located in?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ? What are the dates for apartment 585 ? | Did you mean the booking start and end dates of the apartments with id 585 ? | Yes
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ? What are the dates for apartment 585 ? | Did you mean the booking start and end dates of the apartments with id 585 ? | Yes Okay , what are the dates for the apartment in building 225 ?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ? What are the dates for apartment 585 ? | Did you mean the booking start and end dates of the apartments with id 585 ? | Yes Okay , what are the dates for the apartment in building 225 ? What are the apartment numbers of all apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ? What are the dates for apartment 585 ? | Did you mean the booking start and end dates of the apartments with id 585 ? | Yes Okay , what are the dates for the apartment in building 225 ? What are the apartment numbers of all apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ? What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
can you tell me all the enzymes that work in the cytosol ?
can you tell me all the enzymes that work in the cytosol ? which of those enzymes is in the medicine with the name Aripiprazole ?
can you tell me all the enzymes that work in the cytosol ? which of those enzymes is in the medicine with the name Aripiprazole ? are there any other enzymes that are not in the cytosol that have the name Aripiprazole ?
can you tell me all the enzymes that work in the cytosol ? which of those enzymes is in the medicine with the name Aripiprazole ? are there any other enzymes that are not in the cytosol that have the name Aripiprazole ? and can you tell me what the interaction type is for ALA synthase ?
can you tell me all the enzymes that work in the cytosol ? which of those enzymes is in the medicine with the name Aripiprazole ? are there any other enzymes that are not in the cytosol that have the name Aripiprazole ? and can you tell me what the interaction type is for ALA synthase ? What is the interaction type of the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
How many exhibitions have an attendance of more than 100 ?
How many exhibitions have an attendance of more than 100 ? How many exhibitions have a ticket price below 10 ?
How many exhibitions have an attendance of more than 100 ? How many exhibitions have a ticket price below 10 ? What are the dates of the exhibitions who have an attendance of more than 100 ?
How many exhibitions have an attendance of more than 100 ? How many exhibitions have a ticket price below 10 ? What are the dates of the exhibitions who have an attendance of more than 100 ? What was the theme of the party held in the latest year ?
How many exhibitions have an attendance of more than 100 ? How many exhibitions have a ticket price below 10 ? What are the dates of the exhibitions who have an attendance of more than 100 ? What was the theme of the party held in the latest year ? What was the ticket price of that party ?
How many exhibitions have an attendance of more than 100 ? How many exhibitions have a ticket price below 10 ? What are the dates of the exhibitions who have an attendance of more than 100 ? What was the theme of the party held in the latest year ? What was the ticket price of that party ? How many exhibitions have a attendance more than 100 or have a ticket price below 10?
how many shops are there ?
how many shops are there ? what kinds of shops are they ?
how many shops are there ? what kinds of shops are they ? Can any one of them be accessed by bus ?
how many shops are there ? what kinds of shops are they ? Can any one of them be accessed by bus ? how about by walk ?
how many shops are there ? what kinds of shops are they ? Can any one of them be accessed by bus ? how about by walk ? What kind of shop is that ?
how many shops are there ? what kinds of shops are they ? Can any one of them be accessed by bus ? how about by walk ? What kind of shop is that ? What are the details of the shops that can be accessed by walk?
What are the names of all games that were played for at least 1000 hours ?
What are the names of all games that were played for at least 1000 hours ? What are the names of all games that were played for less than 1000 hours ?
What are the names of all games that were played for at least 1000 hours ? What are the names of all games that were played for less than 1000 hours ? What are the average hours played for each game type ?
What are the names of all games that were played for at least 1000 hours ? What are the names of all games that were played for less than 1000 hours ? What are the average hours played for each game type ? Show all game names played by at least 1000 hours.
What are the names of all the branches ?
What are the names of all the branches ? Given the branches are Alexandre , Popert , Stanley , Zytogorski , Cochrane , Taverner , Saint Amant , and Brooke Greville , which have members in Louisville , Kentucky ?
What are the names of all the branches ? Given the branches are Alexandre , Popert , Stanley , Zytogorski , Cochrane , Taverner , Saint Amant , and Brooke Greville , which have members in Louisville , Kentucky ? Given the branches are Alexandre and Zytogorski , which have members in Hiram , Georgia ?
What are the names of all the branches ? Given the branches are Alexandre , Popert , Stanley , Zytogorski , Cochrane , Taverner , Saint Amant , and Brooke Greville , which have members in Louisville , Kentucky ? Given the branches are Alexandre and Zytogorski , which have members in Hiram , Georgia ? Find the name of branches where have some members whose hometown is in Louisville, Kentucky and some in Hiram, Georgia.
Can you list the base price for all rooms ?
Can you list the base price for all rooms ? Can you sort the list to show only the 3 highest base prices ?
Can you list the base price for all rooms ? Can you sort the list to show only the 3 highest base prices ? Can you please list the room name and room id associated with each of those 3 base prices ?
Can you list the base price for all rooms ? Can you sort the list to show only the 3 highest base prices ? Can you please list the room name and room id associated with each of those 3 base prices ? Find the name and id of the top 3 expensive rooms.
Can you list the driver ids and whether they drive full time or not ?
Can you list the driver ids and whether they drive full time or not ? Hmm , I also want to know their years working .
Can you list the driver ids and whether they drive full time or not ? Hmm , I also want to know their years working . Can you tell me the name of the driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history ?
Can you list the driver ids and whether they drive full time or not ? Hmm , I also want to know their years working . Can you tell me the name of the driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history ? find the name of driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history.
Can you list the titles of the films without any market estimations ?
Can you list the titles of the films without any market estimations ? List the title of films that do not have any market estimation.
What are the names of mountains in the area ?
What are the names of mountains in the area ? How many of these have a height above 5000 ?
What are the names of mountains in the area ? How many of these have a height above 5000 ? What are the names of these mountains ?
What are the names of mountains in the area ? How many of these have a height above 5000 ? What are the names of these mountains ? Which of these 3 mountains is the tallest ?
What are the names of mountains in the area ? How many of these have a height above 5000 ? What are the names of these mountains ? Which of these 3 mountains is the tallest ? Show the names of mountains with height more than 5000 or prominence more than 1000.
list the countries with mountains with height less than 5200
list the countries with mountains with height less than 5200 what are countries with mountains with height more than 5600
list the countries with mountains with height less than 5200 what are countries with mountains with height more than 5600 list both the countries with mountains height less than 5200 and height more than 5600 in the same table
list the countries with mountains with height less than 5200 what are countries with mountains with height more than 5600 list both the countries with mountains height less than 5200 and height more than 5600 in the same table Show the countries that have mountains with height more than 5600 stories and mountains with height less than 5200.
What are the names of all the persons who are friends with Alice ?
What are the names of all the persons who are friends with Alice ? Okay , could you show me Zach 's job ?
What are the names of all the persons who are friends with Alice ? Okay , could you show me Zach 's job ? How old is Zach ?
What are the names of all the persons who are friends with Alice ? Okay , could you show me Zach 's job ? How old is Zach ? How many years has Zach been friends with Alice ?
What are the names of all the persons who are friends with Alice ? Okay , could you show me Zach 's job ? How old is Zach ? How many years has Zach been friends with Alice ? Find the name, age, and job title of persons who are friends with Alice for the longest years.
Hello ! Can you please list all of the first and last names for all of the students in the database ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the first and last names for all of the students in the database ? Excellent ! Could you filter that list to show only the students who were taught by the teacher with the last name Moyer ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the first and last names for all of the students in the database ? Excellent ! Could you filter that list to show only the students who were taught by the teacher with the last name Moyer ? Great ! Could you update this list to include the grade of each student ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the first and last names for all of the students in the database ? Excellent ! Could you filter that list to show only the students who were taught by the teacher with the last name Moyer ? Great ! Could you update this list to include the grade of each student ? Find all students taught by OTHA MOYER. Output the first and last names of the students.
Please tell me how many accounts payed an amount over $ 600 .
Please tell me how many accounts payed an amount over $ 600 . Show the account id with most number of transactions.
how many customers are presented on the table
how many customers are presented on the table please tell me Clara phone number
how many customers are presented on the table please tell me Clara phone number What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard?
How many companies have an industry of banking ?
How many companies have an industry of banking ? How many do n't have a banking industry ?
How many companies have an industry of banking ? How many do n't have a banking industry ? What are the total sales of those companies ?
How many companies have an industry of banking ? How many do n't have a banking industry ? What are the total sales of those companies ? What is the maximum sales of those companies ?
How many companies have an industry of banking ? How many do n't have a banking industry ? What are the total sales of those companies ? What is the maximum sales of those companies ? What is the minimum sales ?
How many companies have an industry of banking ? How many do n't have a banking industry ? What are the total sales of those companies ? What is the maximum sales of those companies ? What is the minimum sales ? What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
Which city code of Smith ? | Is Smith first name or last name ? | first name
Which city code of Smith ? | Is Smith first name or last name ? | first name What age of last name Kim ?
Which city code of Smith ? | Is Smith first name or last name ? | first name What age of last name Kim ? What are the student id of city code WAS ?
Which city code of Smith ? | Is Smith first name or last name ? | first name What age of last name Kim ? What are the student id of city code WAS ? Which major has least number of students ? List the major and the number of students .
Which city code of Smith ? | Is Smith first name or last name ? | first name What age of last name Kim ? What are the student id of city code WAS ? Which major has least number of students ? List the major and the number of students . Which major has least number of students? List the major and the number of students.
what 's Smith Hall student capacity ?
what 's Smith Hall student capacity ? sorry meant least number of amenities
what 's Smith Hall student capacity ? sorry meant least number of amenities what 's the name of the dorm with the highest amenities ?
what 's Smith Hall student capacity ? sorry meant least number of amenities what 's the name of the dorm with the highest amenities ? which of this dorm has student capacity of 355 ?
what 's Smith Hall student capacity ? sorry meant least number of amenities what 's the name of the dorm with the highest amenities ? which of this dorm has student capacity of 355 ? Find the name and capacity of the dorm with least number of amenities.
Can you please show me name of the products ?
Can you please show me name of the products ? Can you please show me the characteristic name used by least number of products ?
Can you please show me name of the products ? Can you please show me the characteristic name used by least number of products ? Can you please show me the characteristic name used by most number of products ?
Can you please show me name of the products ? Can you please show me the characteristic name used by least number of products ? Can you please show me the characteristic name used by most number of products ? What is the characteristic name used by most number of the products?
Where is the most common country across members ?
Where is the most common country across members ? Okay , which members are there ? | Do you mean which members are in United States ? | Yes . Which members are in the United States ?
Where is the most common country across members ? Okay , which members are there ? | Do you mean which members are in United States ? | Yes . Which members are in the United States ? Okay . What other countries are listed ?
Where is the most common country across members ? Okay , which members are there ? | Do you mean which members are in United States ? | Yes . Which members are in the United States ? Okay . What other countries are listed ? Who are the members in Canada ?
Where is the most common country across members ? Okay , which members are there ? | Do you mean which members are in United States ? | Yes . Which members are in the United States ? Okay . What other countries are listed ? Who are the members in Canada ? Show the most common country across members.
Can you list the highest dose prescribed for any medication ? | What information do you want for the prescriptions ? Do you want all information or just the dose amount ? | I wanted the name of the physician that prescribed the highest dose , but I believe you 've already provided that information ?
Can you list the highest dose prescribed for any medication ? | What information do you want for the prescriptions ? Do you want all information or just the dose amount ? | I wanted the name of the physician that prescribed the highest dose , but I believe you 've already provided that information ? What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose?
Show me all the employees in the same department as Clara . | Here is all the information of all the employees in the same department as the employee with a first name Clara . | Can you show me their hire dates ?
Show me all the employees in the same department as Clara . | Here is all the information of all the employees in the same department as the employee with a first name Clara . | Can you show me their hire dates ? What is their average salary ?
Show me all the employees in the same department as Clara . | Here is all the information of all the employees in the same department as the employee with a first name Clara . | Can you show me their hire dates ? What is their average salary ? display the employee name ( first name and last name ) and hire date for all employees in the same department as Clara.
Find the name of instructors who are advisors of students from the Math department , and sort the results by students ' total credit .
Find the name of instructors who are advisors of students from the Math department , and sort the results by students ' total credit . Find name of students in the Math department
Find the name of instructors who are advisors of students from the Math department , and sort the results by students ' total credit . Find name of students in the Math department Give me IDs of instructors in the Marketing department
Find the name of instructors who are advisors of students from the Math department , and sort the results by students ' total credit . Find name of students in the Math department Give me IDs of instructors in the Marketing department Find the name of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department, and sort the results by students' total credit.
What are the names of the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs ?
What are the names of the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs ? What about the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs whose language is Bangla ?
What are the names of the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs ? What about the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs whose language is Bangla ? What are their preferred genres ?
What are the names of the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs ? What about the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs whose language is Bangla ? What are their preferred genres ? Could you list the names of all artists that prefer the genre folk and speak the language Bangla ?
What are the names of the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs ? What about the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs whose language is Bangla ? What are their preferred genres ? Could you list the names of all artists that prefer the genre folk and speak the language Bangla ? How about the names of all artists that prefer the genre folk ?
What are the names of the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs ? What about the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs whose language is Bangla ? What are their preferred genres ? Could you list the names of all artists that prefer the genre folk and speak the language Bangla ? How about the names of all artists that prefer the genre folk ? How about the names of all artists that prefer the genre tagore ?
What are the names of the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs ? What about the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs whose language is Bangla ? What are their preferred genres ? Could you list the names of all artists that prefer the genre folk and speak the language Bangla ? How about the names of all artists that prefer the genre folk ? How about the names of all artists that prefer the genre tagore ? Find the top 3 artists who have the largest number of songs works whose language is Bangla.
What are the staff names with job title code Sales Person ?
What are the staff names with job title code Sales Person ? What are their genders ? | Would you like their names and their genders ? | Yes .
What are the staff names with job title code Sales Person ? What are their genders ? | Would you like their names and their genders ? | Yes . What are the staff names and genders for people with job title code Sales Person ?
What are the staff names with job title code Sales Person ? What are their genders ? | Would you like their names and their genders ? | Yes . What are the staff names and genders for people with job title code Sales Person ? How about with job title code Clerical Staff ?
What are the staff names with job title code Sales Person ? What are their genders ? | Would you like their names and their genders ? | Yes . What are the staff names and genders for people with job title code Sales Person ? How about with job title code Clerical Staff ? Which of the people with job title code Sales Person are not Clerical Staff ?
What are the staff names with job title code Sales Person ? What are their genders ? | Would you like their names and their genders ? | Yes . What are the staff names and genders for people with job title code Sales Person ? How about with job title code Clerical Staff ? Which of the people with job title code Sales Person are not Clerical Staff ? Find the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff.
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer names and addresses ?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer names and addresses ? Find the name and address of the customers who have both New and Pending orders.
What 're the names of the enzymes in the medicine `` Amisulpride '' ?
What 're the names of the enzymes in the medicine `` Amisulpride '' ? What 're the names of the enzymes in the medicine `` Amisulpride '' that can serve as an inhibitor ?
What 're the names of the enzymes in the medicine `` Amisulpride '' ? What 're the names of the enzymes in the medicine `` Amisulpride '' that can serve as an inhibitor ? What are the names of all enzymes that can serve as inhibitors ?
What 're the names of the enzymes in the medicine `` Amisulpride '' ? What 're the names of the enzymes in the medicine `` Amisulpride '' that can serve as an inhibitor ? What are the names of all enzymes that can serve as inhibitors ? What are the names of enzymes in the medicine named 'Amisulpride' that can serve as an 'inhibitor'?
What is the organisation ID of the organisation with grant amount of 4094.542 ? ?
What is the organisation ID of the organisation with grant amount of 4094.542 ? ? What is its grant start date ?
What is the organisation ID of the organisation with grant amount of 4094.542 ? ? What is its grant start date ? What about its end date ?
What is the organisation ID of the organisation with grant amount of 4094.542 ? ? What is its grant start date ? What about its end date ? What is the grant amount of the organisation with the id 14 ?
What is the organisation ID of the organisation with grant amount of 4094.542 ? ? What is its grant start date ? What about its end date ? What is the grant amount of the organisation with the id 14 ? Find the organisation ids and details of the organisations which are involved in
Can you list the uids and names of all users ?
Can you list the uids and names of all users ? Hmm , I want to know the number of followers of each user .
Can you list the uids and names of all users ? Hmm , I want to know the number of followers of each user . What is the maximum number of followers of all users ?
Can you list the uids and names of all users ? Hmm , I want to know the number of followers of each user . What is the maximum number of followers of all users ? What is the total number of followers of all users ?
Can you list the uids and names of all users ? Hmm , I want to know the number of followers of each user . What is the maximum number of followers of all users ? What is the total number of followers of all users ? Find the maximum and total number of followers of all users.
hi . can you tell me how many wrestlers were eliminated ?
hi . can you tell me how many wrestlers were eliminated ? can you list the elimination times of those with the largest days held ? | Again , there can only be one with the largest days held , would you like that one ? There are not multiple that can be `` largest '' | yes , please
hi . can you tell me how many wrestlers were eliminated ? can you list the elimination times of those with the largest days held ? | Again , there can only be one with the largest days held , would you like that one ? There are not multiple that can be `` largest '' | yes , please List the time of elimination of the wrestlers with largest days held.
What is the Course Id for English
What is the Course Id for English how many different student ids are there ?
What is the Course Id for English how many different student ids are there ? How many students enrolled in Course ID 302 ?
What is the Course Id for English how many different student ids are there ? How many students enrolled in Course ID 302 ? How many students attend course English?
which dno has no stuid associated with it ?
which dno has no stuid associated with it ? what are the dname 's of those DNO 's ?
which dno has no stuid associated with it ? what are the dname 's of those DNO 's ? sort the department names alphabetically
which dno has no stuid associated with it ? what are the dname 's of those DNO 's ? sort the department names alphabetically Find the name of the department that has no students minored in?
list the names of all movies
list the names of all movies list the year each movie was released
list the names of all movies list the year each movie was released list the titles of all movies
list the names of all movies list the year each movie was released list the titles of all movies What is the name of the most recent movie?
Hello ! How many documents are there total ?
Hello ! How many documents are there total ? Perfect , thanks for that . Now , how many documents do n't have images ?
Hello ! How many documents are there total ? Perfect , thanks for that . Now , how many documents do n't have images ? Can you give me the names of those documents ?
Hello ! How many documents are there total ? Perfect , thanks for that . Now , how many documents do n't have images ? Can you give me the names of those documents ? Find names of the document without any images.
What is the market share of Chabudai ?
What is the market share of Chabudai ? What is its price ?
What is the market share of Chabudai ? What is its price ? What is its ID ?
What is the market share of Chabudai ? What is its price ? What is its ID ? Find the market shares and names of furnitures which no any company is producing in our records.
Show me the details of all participants .
Show me the details of all participants . show me the details of the events . | here are the details of all events | How many events did not have any participants ?
Show me the details of all participants . show me the details of the events . | here are the details of all events | How many events did not have any participants ? How many events did not have any participants?
Which grants are described as 'regular ' ?
Which grants are described as 'regular ' ? Which grants are described both 'regular ' and 'initial application ' ?
Which grants are described as 'regular ' ? Which grants are described both 'regular ' and 'initial application ' ? Can you show me the start date for all these grants ?
Which grants are described as 'regular ' ? Which grants are described both 'regular ' and 'initial application ' ? Can you show me the start date for all these grants ? For grants with both documents described as 'Regular' and documents described as 'Initial Application', list its start date.
Hello ! How are you ? Can you please provide me with a list of all department IDs , department names , and their respective years of creation ?
Hello ! How are you ? Can you please provide me with a list of all department IDs , department names , and their respective years of creation ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to include only the rows that contain the most common ( most frequently occurring ) year of creation ?
Hello ! How are you ? Can you please provide me with a list of all department IDs , department names , and their respective years of creation ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to include only the rows that contain the most common ( most frequently occurring ) year of creation ? Perfect ! Can you tell me what is the total combined budget of these two departments ?
Hello ! How are you ? Can you please provide me with a list of all department IDs , department names , and their respective years of creation ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to include only the rows that contain the most common ( most frequently occurring ) year of creation ? Perfect ! Can you tell me what is the total combined budget of these two departments ? In which year were most departments established?
what is the highest price ?
what is the highest price ? what is the average of prices*
what is the highest price ? what is the average of prices* what is the average of rank in series ?
what is the highest price ? what is the average of prices* what is the average of rank in series ? What are the title and maximum price of each film?
how many person there
how many person there what is the age of Bob
how many person there what is the age of Bob what is the city of Alice
how many person there what is the age of Bob what is the city of Alice Find the name and age of all males in order of their age.
what country is Vijay Singh from ?
what country is Vijay Singh from ? who is the latest artist ?
what country is Vijay Singh from ? who is the latest artist ? what year did Vijay Singh joined ?
what country is Vijay Singh from ? who is the latest artist ? what year did Vijay Singh joined ? What is the name of the artist who joined latest?
how many courses did the student with id 121 register for ?
how many courses did the student with id 121 register for ? And how many courses did the student attend ?
how many courses did the student with id 121 register for ? And how many courses did the student attend ? show me the id of courses registered or attended by student whose id is 121
how many courses did the student with id 121 register for ? And how many courses did the student attend ? show me the id of courses registered or attended by student whose id is 121 Find the id of courses which are registered or attended by student whose id is 121?
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery .
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery . Find the price of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery .
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery . Find the price of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery . Find the score of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery .
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery . Find the price of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery . Find the score of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery . Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery.
show names of all aircrafts ?
show names of all aircrafts ? in which aircraft does John Williams have a certificate
show names of all aircrafts ? in which aircraft does John Williams have a certificate give me the airline id to that
show names of all aircrafts ? in which aircraft does John Williams have a certificate give me the airline id to that Show names for all aircrafts of which John Williams has certificates.
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet ?
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet ? What are the names of the captains that have classes ?
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet ? What are the names of the captains that have classes ? What is the id for HMS Gorgon ? | Did you mean ship id ? | yes
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet ? What are the names of the captains that have classes ? What is the id for HMS Gorgon ? | Did you mean ship id ? | yes How many classes are there ? | Did you mean the number of distinct type classes of ships ? | yes
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet ? What are the names of the captains that have classes ? What is the id for HMS Gorgon ? | Did you mean ship id ? | yes How many classes are there ? | Did you mean the number of distinct type classes of ships ? | yes What is HMS Gorgon 's rank ?
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet ? What are the names of the captains that have classes ? What is the id for HMS Gorgon ? | Did you mean ship id ? | yes How many classes are there ? | Did you mean the number of distinct type classes of ships ? | yes What is HMS Gorgon 's rank ? what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet?
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46 ?
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46 ? What is the least aged Manager 's name on the list ?
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46 ? What is the least aged Manager 's name on the list ? How many managers are from United States on the list ?
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46 ? What is the least aged Manager 's name on the list ? How many managers are from United States on the list ? Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46.
what are the names of the institution and building here
what are the names of the institution and building here In what year was Ave Maria University created and where is the current location
what are the names of the institution and building here In what year was Ave Maria University created and where is the current location How many enrollement does Dakota State University have
what are the names of the institution and building here In what year was Ave Maria University created and where is the current location How many enrollement does Dakota State University have For each building, show the name of the building and the number of institutions in it.
Which store has the most staff ? | Do you want to get the shop ID which has the most staff ? | yes , please
Which store has the most staff ? | Do you want to get the shop ID which has the most staff ? | yes , please Which shop has a happy hour in may ? | Do you want to get shop ID or another attribute ? | shop id
Which store has the most staff ? | Do you want to get the shop ID which has the most staff ? | yes , please Which shop has a happy hour in may ? | Do you want to get shop ID or another attribute ? | shop id Can you also show me their addresses ? | Here are the addresses of shops that have happy hours in may | Can you show me them with their corresponding shop ids ?
Which store has the most staff ? | Do you want to get the shop ID which has the most staff ? | yes , please Which shop has a happy hour in may ? | Do you want to get shop ID or another attribute ? | shop id Can you also show me their addresses ? | Here are the addresses of shops that have happy hours in may | Can you show me them with their corresponding shop ids ? What are the id and address of the shops which have a happy hour in May?
Can you list all document descriptions that contain the word `` Initial '' ?
Can you list all document descriptions that contain the word `` Initial '' ? Can you list the document type code associated with that document description ?
Can you list all document descriptions that contain the word `` Initial '' ? Can you list the document type code associated with that document description ? Are there any other document type codes associated with a description that contains the word `` initial '' ?
Can you list all document descriptions that contain the word `` Initial '' ? Can you list the document type code associated with that document description ? Are there any other document type codes associated with a description that contains the word `` initial '' ? Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial'?
show the total distinct leader names of the college associated with the members of all country
show the total distinct leader names of the college associated with the members of all country find the college id for the college location Ottawa
show the total distinct leader names of the college associated with the members of all country find the college id for the college location Ottawa find the member name and college location for the member id 1
show the total distinct leader names of the college associated with the members of all country find the college id for the college location Ottawa find the member name and college location for the member id 1 Show the distinct leader names of colleges associated with members from country "Canada".
Hello ! Can you show me a list of the various product type codes ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of the various product type codes ? Wonderful ! Of these product type codes , can you tell me which code is the most common one ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of the various product type codes ? Wonderful ! Of these product type codes , can you tell me which code is the most common one ? Show the most common type code across products.
what are the companies that produce the most expensive furniture | Do you mean the names of manufacturers that produce the most expensive furniture ? | yes , the names of the company that produces the most expensive furniture
what are the companies that produce the most expensive furniture | Do you mean the names of manufacturers that produce the most expensive furniture ? | yes , the names of the company that produces the most expensive furniture what is the id of this name
what are the companies that produce the most expensive furniture | Do you mean the names of manufacturers that produce the most expensive furniture ? | yes , the names of the company that produces the most expensive furniture what is the id of this name list both the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture in the same table
what are the companies that produce the most expensive furniture | Do you mean the names of manufacturers that produce the most expensive furniture ? | yes , the names of the company that produces the most expensive furniture what is the id of this name list both the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture in the same table Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture.
can you show me names of races ?
can you show me names of races ? what is the Mexico City 250 's date ?
can you show me names of races ? what is the Mexico City 250 's date ? can you show me class of race ?
can you show me names of races ? what is the Mexico City 250 's date ? can you show me class of race ? List the race class with at least two races.
how many trains have express in their names ?
how many trains have express in their names ? what is the destination for Ananthapuri Express ?
how many trains have express in their names ? what is the destination for Ananthapuri Express ? give me the train number
how many trains have express in their names ? what is the destination for Ananthapuri Express ? give me the train number How many trains have 'Express' in their names?
What are the issue date of 34th England Academy Prize ?
What are the issue date of 34th England Academy Prize ? What are the music festivals of Everybody Have Fun Tonight song ?
What are the issue date of 34th England Academy Prize ? What are the music festivals of Everybody Have Fun Tonight song ? Show the songs that have result `` nominated '' at music festivals .
What are the issue date of 34th England Academy Prize ? What are the music festivals of Everybody Have Fun Tonight song ? Show the songs that have result `` nominated '' at music festivals . Please show the songs that have result "nominated" at music festivals.
Hello ! Can you please list the different interaction types for me ?
Hello ! Can you please list the different interaction types for me ? Great ! Can you provide me with the name , location , and product for each enzyme that is associated with the `` inhibitor '' interaction type ?
Hello ! Can you please list the different interaction types for me ? Great ! Can you provide me with the name , location , and product for each enzyme that is associated with the `` inhibitor '' interaction type ? Great ! Can you update this list to show the chromosome associated with each enzyme on this list ?
Hello ! Can you please list the different interaction types for me ? Great ! Can you provide me with the name , location , and product for each enzyme that is associated with the `` inhibitor '' interaction type ? Great ! Can you update this list to show the chromosome associated with each enzyme on this list ? What are the distinct name, location and products of the enzymes which has any 'inhibitor' interaction?
what are the names of the products with category `` Herbs ''
what are the names of the products with category `` Herbs '' what are the color descriptions for the products ? | Do you want both the names and the color descriptions ? | yes
what are the names of the products with category `` Herbs '' what are the color descriptions for the products ? | Do you want both the names and the color descriptions ? | yes list down all the product ids
what are the names of the products with category `` Herbs '' what are the color descriptions for the products ? | Do you want both the names and the color descriptions ? | yes list down all the product ids List the names, color descriptions and product descriptions of products with category "Herbs".
how many claim headers on the table
how many claim headers on the table what is the highest amount claimed on the claim headers
how many claim headers on the table what is the highest amount claimed on the claim headers what is the least paid amount on the table
how many claim headers on the table what is the highest amount claimed on the claim headers what is the least paid amount on the table what is the date of settlement on Overtime Meal Subsidy | Did you want the date of settlement of claim headers with a type code Overtime Meal Subsidy ? | exactly
how many claim headers on the table what is the highest amount claimed on the claim headers what is the least paid amount on the table what is the date of settlement on Overtime Meal Subsidy | Did you want the date of settlement of claim headers with a type code Overtime Meal Subsidy ? | exactly Find the total amount claimed in the most recently created document.
How many clubs have players with the position `` Right Wing '' ?
How many clubs have players with the position `` Right Wing '' ? How many total players are there ?
How many clubs have players with the position `` Right Wing '' ? How many total players are there ? Can you list all the players ?
How many clubs have players with the position `` Right Wing '' ? How many total players are there ? Can you list all the players ? How many positions are there in total ?
How many clubs have players with the position `` Right Wing '' ? How many total players are there ? Can you list all the players ? How many positions are there in total ? Show the names of clubs that have players with position "Right Wing".
Could you please show me the publishers with a book published in 1989 ?
Could you please show me the publishers with a book published in 1989 ? Could you please show me the publishers with a book published in 1990 ?
Could you please show me the publishers with a book published in 1989 ? Could you please show me the publishers with a book published in 1990 ? Which publishers published books in 1989 and 1990 ?
Could you please show me the publishers with a book published in 1989 ? Could you please show me the publishers with a book published in 1990 ? Which publishers published books in 1989 and 1990 ? Show publishers with a book published in 1989 and a book in 1990.
How many students are living in the dorms ?
How many students are living in the dorms ? Do they all have all amenities ? | Did you mean whether all dorms have all amenities ? | Yes .
How many students are living in the dorms ? Do they all have all amenities ? | Did you mean whether all dorms have all amenities ? | Yes . How many dorms do not have a TV lounge ?
How many students are living in the dorms ? Do they all have all amenities ? | Did you mean whether all dorms have all amenities ? | Yes . How many dorms do not have a TV lounge ? How many students are in those four dorms ?
How many students are living in the dorms ? Do they all have all amenities ? | Did you mean whether all dorms have all amenities ? | Yes . How many dorms do not have a TV lounge ? How many students are in those four dorms ? What are the first names of those nine students ?
How many students are living in the dorms ? Do they all have all amenities ? | Did you mean whether all dorms have all amenities ? | Yes . How many dorms do not have a TV lounge ? How many students are in those four dorms ? What are the first names of those nine students ? What are their ages ?
How many students are living in the dorms ? Do they all have all amenities ? | Did you mean whether all dorms have all amenities ? | Yes . How many dorms do not have a TV lounge ? How many students are in those four dorms ? What are the first names of those nine students ? What are their ages ? Find the first name and age of students who are living in the dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission
List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission Which ships have been decommissioned ?
List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission Which ships have been decommissioned ? Give me the names of ships that have been decommissioned
List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission Which ships have been decommissioned ? Give me the names of ships that have been decommissioned List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission
whose source and destination airports are in the United States | Do you want the id of the routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States ? | Yes
whose source and destination airports are in the United States | Do you want the id of the routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States ? | Yes Find the id of routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States.
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied ' been located in ?
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied ' been located in ? How many type of thing code includes 'Electronics ' ? | Do you mean how many things include type of thing code 'Electronics ' ? | Yes
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied ' been located in ? How many type of thing code includes 'Electronics ' ? | Do you mean how many things include type of thing code 'Electronics ' ? | Yes What are the service details of thing id 2 ?
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied ' been located in ? How many type of thing code includes 'Electronics ' ? | Do you mean how many things include type of thing code 'Electronics ' ? | Yes What are the service details of thing id 2 ? What is the service type code of thing id 2 ?
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied ' been located in ? How many type of thing code includes 'Electronics ' ? | Do you mean how many things include type of thing code 'Electronics ' ? | Yes What are the service details of thing id 2 ? What is the service type code of thing id 2 ? What is the location code of thing id 10 and the date and time ?
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied ' been located in ? How many type of thing code includes 'Electronics ' ? | Do you mean how many things include type of thing code 'Electronics ' ? | Yes What are the service details of thing id 2 ? What is the service type code of thing id 2 ? What is the location code of thing id 10 and the date and time ? How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied' been located in?
whats he average number of staffs in charge
whats he average number of staffs in charge how many months in total
whats he average number of staffs in charge how many months in total which months have more than 2 happy hours
whats he average number of staffs in charge how many months in total which months have more than 2 happy hours Which months have more than 2 happy hours?
How many tourists were there total ?
How many tourists were there total ? How many tourist attractions ?
How many tourists were there total ? How many tourist attractions ? How many tourists visited more than one tourist attraction ?
How many tourists were there total ? How many tourist attractions ? How many tourists visited more than one tourist attraction ? How many tourists did n't visit any tourist attractions ?
How many tourists were there total ? How many tourist attractions ? How many tourists visited more than one tourist attraction ? How many tourists did n't visit any tourist attractions ? How many tourists did not make any visit?
how many stations are presented on the table
how many stations are presented on the table list out the station names
how many stations are presented on the table list out the station names what is the city of San Jose Civic Center
how many stations are presented on the table list out the station names what is the city of San Jose Civic Center Return the unique name for stations that have ever had 7 bikes available.
how many students enrolled for the accounting department
how many students enrolled for the accounting department what is the school code for accounting ?
how many students enrolled for the accounting department what is the school code for accounting ? what is the emplotyee number for accounting ?
how many students enrolled for the accounting department what is the school code for accounting ? what is the emplotyee number for accounting ? How many students are enrolled in the class taught by some professor from the accounting department?
Can I have the dates for all the shipments ?
Can I have the dates for all the shipments ? Which of these dates occurred most recently ?
Can I have the dates for all the shipments ? Which of these dates occurred most recently ? What is the shipment id for the shipment with this shipment date ?
Can I have the dates for all the shipments ? Which of these dates occurred most recently ? What is the shipment id for the shipment with this shipment date ? Find the id of the order which is shipped most recently.
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the hometowns ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the hometowns ? Thank you ! Can you filter this list ot show only the hometowns that have both people older than 23 years of age and people younger than 20 years of age ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the hometowns ? Thank you ! Can you filter this list ot show only the hometowns that have both people older than 23 years of age and people younger than 20 years of age ? Excellent ! Can you tell me how many people in total have Santo Domingo as their Hometown ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the hometowns ? Thank you ! Can you filter this list ot show only the hometowns that have both people older than 23 years of age and people younger than 20 years of age ? Excellent ! Can you tell me how many people in total have Santo Domingo as their Hometown ? Show the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20.
tell me how many settlements each claim responds to | Did you mean to ask for the claim id and number of settlements that each claim responds to ? | list the claim ids
tell me how many settlements each claim responds to | Did you mean to ask for the claim id and number of settlements that each claim responds to ? | list the claim ids list all the amounts claimed
tell me how many settlements each claim responds to | Did you mean to ask for the claim id and number of settlements that each claim responds to ? | list the claim ids list all the amounts claimed How many settlements does each claim correspond to? List the claim id and the number of settlements.
How many events with `` Marriage '' type codes are there ? | There are 5 events with the `` Marriage '' service type code . | What are event details associated with the event of this type code ?
How many events with `` Marriage '' type codes are there ? | There are 5 events with the `` Marriage '' service type code . | What are event details associated with the event of this type code ? How many among them are with `` success '' ?
How many events with `` Marriage '' type codes are there ? | There are 5 events with the `` Marriage '' service type code . | What are event details associated with the event of this type code ? How many among them are with `` success '' ? what are the event details of the services that have the type code 'Marriage'?
Can you show me the first and last names of all employees who work in any department located in London please ?
Can you show me the first and last names of all employees who work in any department located in London please ? display the full name (first and last name), and salary of those employees who working in any department located in London.
What is the project detail for the project with document `` King Book '' ?
What is the project detail for the project with document `` King Book '' ? What is the document date for the project with document `` King Book '' ?
What is the project detail for the project with document `` King Book '' ? What is the document date for the project with document `` King Book '' ? How many documents are there with the document type code `` CV '' ?
What is the project detail for the project with document `` King Book '' ? What is the document date for the project with document `` King Book '' ? How many documents are there with the document type code `` CV '' ? How many documents are there with the document type code `` BK '' ?
What is the project detail for the project with document `` King Book '' ? What is the document date for the project with document `` King Book '' ? How many documents are there with the document type code `` CV '' ? How many documents are there with the document type code `` BK '' ? What are the document dates of all documents with the document type code `` BK '' ?
What is the project detail for the project with document `` King Book '' ? What is the document date for the project with document `` King Book '' ? How many documents are there with the document type code `` CV '' ? How many documents are there with the document type code `` BK '' ? What are the document dates of all documents with the document type code `` BK '' ? What is the project detail for the project with document "King Book"?
how many trip are presented on the table
how many trip are presented on the table show all the start station name
how many trip are presented on the table show all the start station name what is the start date of Howard at 2nd | Do you mean its start station is Howard at 2nd ? | exactly
how many trip are presented on the table show all the start station name what is the start date of Howard at 2nd | Do you mean its start station is Howard at 2nd ? | exactly Give me the start station and end station for the trips with the three oldest id.
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belong to ?
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belong to ? Hmmm . What is title of album which track Fast as a Shark belong to ?
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belong to ? Hmmm . What is title of album which track Fast as a Shark belong to ? What is title of album which track For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) belong to ?
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belong to ? Hmmm . What is title of album which track Fast as a Shark belong to ? What is title of album which track For Those About To Rock ( We Salute You ) belong to ? What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belongs to?
What are the names of catalog with number 8
What are the names of catalog with number 8 Could you please show me their attribute ID
What are the names of catalog with number 8 Could you please show me their attribute ID What about their attribute value
What are the names of catalog with number 8 Could you please show me their attribute ID What about their attribute value Find the names of catalog entries with level number 8.
Please show me all customers and their contact channels | Do you want the names of customers or id ? | names please
Please show me all customers and their contact channels | Do you want the names of customers or id ? | names please please show just those customers who 's channel code was email
Please show me all customers and their contact channels | Do you want the names of customers or id ? | names please please show just those customers who 's channel code was email Please list just Tillman Ernsers contact channel
Please show me all customers and their contact channels | Do you want the names of customers or id ? | names please please show just those customers who 's channel code was email Please list just Tillman Ernsers contact channel Which contact channel has been used by the customer with name "Tillman Ernser"?
The column `` product_id `` in Table : `` problems '' refers to column `` product_id '' in Table : `` product '' | could give more info about this question ? | List the ids of the problem from the product ''voluptatem '' that are reported after 1995 ?
The column `` product_id `` in Table : `` problems '' refers to column `` product_id '' in Table : `` product '' | could give more info about this question ? | List the ids of the problem from the product ''voluptatem '' that are reported after 1995 ? List the ids of the problems from the product "voluptatem" that are reported after 1995?
Find all stores in the Attock district | Do you want the id or the name of these stores ? | The name
Find all stores in the Attock district | Do you want the id or the name of these stores ? | The name Find all the store names in the district with the lowest population .
Find all stores in the Attock district | Do you want the id or the name of these stores ? | The name Find all the store names in the district with the lowest population . Find all the store names in the district with the highest population .
Find all stores in the Attock district | Do you want the id or the name of these stores ? | The name Find all the store names in the district with the lowest population . Find all the store names in the district with the highest population . What is the city area of the district with the highest population .
Find all stores in the Attock district | Do you want the id or the name of these stores ? | The name Find all the store names in the district with the lowest population . Find all the store names in the district with the highest population . What is the city area of the district with the highest population . Find all the stores in the district with the most population.
How many departments do you have ?
How many departments do you have ? What are the first names of professors in the history department ?
How many departments do you have ? What are the first names of professors in the history department ? What are the offices of these professors ?
How many departments do you have ? What are the first names of professors in the history department ? What are the offices of these professors ? Can you tell me the first name and office of the professor in the history department who has a Ph.D. degree ?
How many departments do you have ? What are the first names of professors in the history department ? What are the offices of these professors ? Can you tell me the first name and office of the professor in the history department who has a Ph.D. degree ? Find the first name and office of the professor who is in the history department and has a Ph.D. degree.
Can you please tell me the names of the artists who do n't have any exhibitions ?
Can you please tell me the names of the artists who do n't have any exhibitions ? What are their countries ?
Can you please tell me the names of the artists who do n't have any exhibitions ? What are their countries ? What are their ages ?
Can you please tell me the names of the artists who do n't have any exhibitions ? What are their countries ? What are their ages ? What is the name of the oldest artist ?
Can you please tell me the names of the artists who do n't have any exhibitions ? What are their countries ? What are their ages ? What is the name of the oldest artist ? Did he have any exhibitions ?
Can you please tell me the names of the artists who do n't have any exhibitions ? What are their countries ? What are their ages ? What is the name of the oldest artist ? Did he have any exhibitions ? Show names for artists without any exhibition.
when did the transactions that were less that 3000 occur ?
when did the transactions that were less that 3000 occur ? which transactions were sales ?
when did the transactions that were less that 3000 occur ? which transactions were sales ? ok i see the transactions of the sales . and then what are the ones that were purchases ?
when did the transactions that were less that 3000 occur ? which transactions were sales ? ok i see the transactions of the sales . and then what are the ones that were purchases ? what investors were involved with those transactions that were under 3000 ?
when did the transactions that were less that 3000 occur ? which transactions were sales ? ok i see the transactions of the sales . and then what are the ones that were purchases ? what investors were involved with those transactions that were under 3000 ? What are the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000?
How many faculty members are in building Barton ?
How many faculty members are in building Barton ? Please list the faculty members in building Barton .
How many faculty members are in building Barton ? Please list the faculty members in building Barton . Can you please get just their last names ?
How many faculty members are in building Barton ? Please list the faculty members in building Barton . Can you please get just their last names ? Of the faculty members in building Barton , how many are in each rank ?
How many faculty members are in building Barton ? Please list the faculty members in building Barton . Can you please get just their last names ? Of the faculty members in building Barton , how many are in each rank ? Can you please list the last names of the faculty in Barton one more time , in alphabetical order ?
How many faculty members are in building Barton ? Please list the faculty members in building Barton . Can you please get just their last names ? Of the faculty members in building Barton , how many are in each rank ? Can you please list the last names of the faculty in Barton one more time , in alphabetical order ? Find the last names of faculties in building Barton in alphabetic order.
Check whether Mr. Eduardo Martin is a customer or not ? | Great . Which is the first name ? | Eduardo .
Check whether Mr. Eduardo Martin is a customer or not ? | Great . Which is the first name ? | Eduardo . Of which company is Mr. Eduardo Martins a customer ?
Check whether Mr. Eduardo Martin is a customer or not ? | Great . Which is the first name ? | Eduardo . Of which company is Mr. Eduardo Martins a customer ? In which city is the company 'Woodstock Discos ' located ?
Check whether Mr. Eduardo Martin is a customer or not ? | Great . Which is the first name ? | Eduardo . Of which company is Mr. Eduardo Martins a customer ? In which city is the company 'Woodstock Discos ' located ? what is the contact number of 'Woodstock discos ' company ? | The phone of the customer of the company 'Woodstock Discos ' is +55 ( 11 ) 3033-5446 . | What is the contact number of Mr. Eduardo Martins ?
Check whether Mr. Eduardo Martin is a customer or not ? | Great . Which is the first name ? | Eduardo . Of which company is Mr. Eduardo Martins a customer ? In which city is the company 'Woodstock Discos ' located ? what is the contact number of 'Woodstock discos ' company ? | The phone of the customer of the company 'Woodstock Discos ' is +55 ( 11 ) 3033-5446 . | What is the contact number of Mr. Eduardo Martins ? Eduardo Martins is a customer at which company?
Can you show me the student names with ids ?
Can you show me the student names with ids ? Hmm , can you list the student ids with sports played ?
Can you show me the student names with ids ? Hmm , can you list the student ids with sports played ? I want to know the student names and ids who don ’ t play any sports .
Can you show me the student names with ids ? Hmm , can you list the student ids with sports played ? I want to know the student names and ids who don ’ t play any sports . Show student ids who don't have any sports.
How many customers have two orders or less
How many customers have two orders or less How many total customer are there ?
How many customers have two orders or less How many total customer are there ? Of the customers with two orders or less , what are their names ?
How many customers have two orders or less How many total customer are there ? Of the customers with two orders or less , what are their names ? Find the name of the customers who have at most two orders.
Which railways do not have trains ? | Did you mean the object number of railways that do not have any train ? | Yes
Which railways do not have trains ? | Did you mean the object number of railways that do not have any train ? | Yes and ones that do ?
Which railways do not have trains ? | Did you mean the object number of railways that do not have any train ? | Yes and ones that do ? What are their names ?
Which railways do not have trains ? | Did you mean the object number of railways that do not have any train ? | Yes and ones that do ? What are their names ? and the names of the railways with no trains ?
Which railways do not have trains ? | Did you mean the object number of railways that do not have any train ? | Yes and ones that do ? What are their names ? and the names of the railways with no trains ? when were they built ?
Which railways do not have trains ? | Did you mean the object number of railways that do not have any train ? | Yes and ones that do ? What are their names ? and the names of the railways with no trains ? when were they built ? List the object number of railways that do not have any trains.
Hi can you show me all the headquarters of a company in backing industry ? | Do you mean banking , not backing ? | Sorry , yes banking !
Hi can you show me all the headquarters of a company in backing industry ? | Do you mean banking , not backing ? | Sorry , yes banking ! Thank you ! Can you now tell me the all the headquarters of a company in Oil and gas ?
Hi can you show me all the headquarters of a company in backing industry ? | Do you mean banking , not backing ? | Sorry , yes banking ! Thank you ! Can you now tell me the all the headquarters of a company in Oil and gas ? Great , what about all the headquarters with both a company in oil and gas and a company in banking ?
Hi can you show me all the headquarters of a company in backing industry ? | Do you mean banking , not backing ? | Sorry , yes banking ! Thank you ! Can you now tell me the all the headquarters of a company in Oil and gas ? Great , what about all the headquarters with both a company in oil and gas and a company in banking ? Show all headquarters with both a company in banking industry and a company in Oil and gas.
What is the department id for the Finance department ?
What is the department id for the Finance department ? How many employees work in that department ?
What is the department id for the Finance department ? How many employees work in that department ? What are their first names ?
What is the department id for the Finance department ? How many employees work in that department ? What are their first names ? What is the job id for each employee in the Finance department ?
What is the department id for the Finance department ? How many employees work in that department ? What are their first names ? What is the job id for each employee in the Finance department ? What are their employee IDs ?
What is the department id for the Finance department ? How many employees work in that department ? What are their first names ? What is the job id for each employee in the Finance department ? What are their employee IDs ? What is the first name and job id for all employees in the Finance department?
What date was the claim made ?
What date was the claim made ? Looking at the claim for 2018-06-14 what date was it settled ?
What date was the claim made ? Looking at the claim for 2018-06-14 what date was it settled ? List the date the claim was made, the date it was settled and the amount settled for all the claims which had exactly one settlement.
What is is the number of patients who are not using Procrastin-X ?
What is is the number of patients who are not using Procrastin-X ? What are their names ?
What is is the number of patients who are not using Procrastin-X ? What are their names ? And what is their address ?
What is is the number of patients who are not using Procrastin-X ? What are their names ? And what is their address ? Find the number of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
How many hours of role-playing games were played ?
How many hours of role-playing games were played ? What game had the most hours played ?
How many hours of role-playing games were played ? What game had the most hours played ? Who played the most hours of Works of Widenius ?
How many hours of role-playing games were played ? What game had the most hours played ? Who played the most hours of Works of Widenius ? How many students play Works of Widenius ?
How many hours of role-playing games were played ? What game had the most hours played ? Who played the most hours of Works of Widenius ? How many students play Works of Widenius ? What game type is Works of Widenius ?
How many hours of role-playing games were played ? What game had the most hours played ? Who played the most hours of Works of Widenius ? How many students play Works of Widenius ? What game type is Works of Widenius ? Show the game name that has most number of hours played.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the customers with a credit score below 100 ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the customers with a credit score below 100 ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the loans that both Mary and Jack received ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the customers with a credit score below 100 ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the loans that both Mary and Jack received ? Can you show me which bank branch provided the highest number of loans to customers with credit scores below 100 ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the customers with a credit score below 100 ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the loans that both Mary and Jack received ? Can you show me which bank branch provided the highest number of loans to customers with credit scores below 100 ? Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans to customers with credit score is less than 100.
What is the customer name of customer id 9 ?
What is the customer name of customer id 9 ? Find the payment method of Tillman Ernser .
What is the customer name of customer id 9 ? Find the payment method of Tillman Ernser . What are the contact number of customer id 3 ?
What is the customer name of customer id 9 ? Find the payment method of Tillman Ernser . What are the contact number of customer id 3 ? What is the `` active to date '' of the latest contact channel used by `` Tillman Ernser '' ?
What is the customer name of customer id 9 ? Find the payment method of Tillman Ernser . What are the contact number of customer id 3 ? What is the `` active to date '' of the latest contact channel used by `` Tillman Ernser '' ? What is the "active to date" of the latest contact channel used by "Tillman Ernser"?
how many tweets there
how many tweets there what is email id of Mary | Did you mean what is the email of Mary or uid or her ? | yes user profiles email id of mary
how many tweets there what is email id of Mary | Did you mean what is the email of Mary or uid or her ? | yes user profiles email id of mary how many followers in Iron Man
how many tweets there what is email id of Mary | Did you mean what is the email of Mary or uid or her ? | yes user profiles email id of mary how many followers in Iron Man Find the average number of followers for the users who had some tweets.
What are the top 3 enrollment numbers among the schools ?
What are the top 3 enrollment numbers among the schools ? Hmm , I want to know the states of the schools with the top 3 largest size .
What are the top 3 enrollment numbers among the schools ? Hmm , I want to know the states of the schools with the top 3 largest size . Can you tell me the names of the schools with the top 3 largest size ?
What are the top 3 enrollment numbers among the schools ? Hmm , I want to know the states of the schools with the top 3 largest size . Can you tell me the names of the schools with the top 3 largest size ? What are the names of schools with the top 3 largest size?
how many course id in the table ?
how many course id in the table ? What is detail of the student who most recently registered course?
I need to know which train route passes through the most stations , please .
I need to know which train route passes through the most stations , please . How many stations does this train run through ?
I need to know which train route passes through the most stations , please . How many stations does this train run through ? What are the names of those stations ?
I need to know which train route passes through the most stations , please . How many stations does this train run through ? What are the names of those stations ? Find the name of the train whose route runs through greatest number of stations.
Give me the times of all trains that go to Chennai
Give me the times of all trains that go to Chennai Show me the numbers of all trains that go to Chennai
Give me the times of all trains that go to Chennai Show me the numbers of all trains that go to Chennai Show me the train number of all trains that go to Chennai
Give me the times of all trains that go to Chennai Show me the numbers of all trains that go to Chennai Show me the train number of all trains that go to Chennai Give me the times and numbers of all trains that go to Chennai, ordered by time.
how many railway there
how many railway there what is the train number of sewagram exp
how many railway there what is the train number of sewagram exp what is the location of mr
how many railway there what is the train number of sewagram exp what is the location of mr Show id and location of railways that are associated with more than one train.
Can you list the names of all the swimmers who have won more than once ?
Can you list the names of all the swimmers who have won more than once ? What are their nationalities ?
Can you list the names of all the swimmers who have won more than once ? What are their nationalities ? Can you list the names and nationalities of the swimmers who have never won ?
Can you list the names of all the swimmers who have won more than once ? What are their nationalities ? Can you list the names and nationalities of the swimmers who have never won ? Find the name and nationality of the swimmer who has won (i.e., has a result of "win") more than 1 time.
Who are the students that are between 20 and 25 years of age ? | Do you mean the last name or the first name of the students between 20 and 25 years of age ? | What are the first names of the students who are between 20 and 25 years of age ?
Who are the students that are between 20 and 25 years of age ? | Do you mean the last name or the first name of the students between 20 and 25 years of age ? | What are the first names of the students who are between 20 and 25 years of age ? what are the student names who are in PHL city and are between 20 and 25 years of age | First name or last name ? | first
Who are the students that are between 20 and 25 years of age ? | Do you mean the last name or the first name of the students between 20 and 25 years of age ? | What are the first names of the students who are between 20 and 25 years of age ? what are the student names who are in PHL city and are between 20 and 25 years of age | First name or last name ? | first Find the first name of students living in city PHL whose age is between 20 and 25.
Names of headquarters that have at least two companies ?
Names of headquarters that have at least two companies ? What is tbe name of the company in china ?
Names of headquarters that have at least two companies ? What is tbe name of the company in china ? What industry does petrochina belong to ?
Names of headquarters that have at least two companies ? What is tbe name of the company in china ? What industry does petrochina belong to ? Show the headquarters that have at least two companies.
What is the booking status of the apartment with number `` Suite 634 '' ?
What is the booking status of the apartment with number `` Suite 634 '' ? What is the bathroom count for `` Suite 643 '' ?
What is the booking status of the apartment with number `` Suite 634 '' ? What is the bathroom count for `` Suite 643 '' ? What is the apartment type code for `` Suite 643 '' ?
What is the booking status of the apartment with number `` Suite 634 '' ? What is the bathroom count for `` Suite 643 '' ? What is the apartment type code for `` Suite 643 '' ? What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
How many poll sources are there ?
How many poll sources are there ? how many people are there ?
How many poll sources are there ? how many people are there ? And how many are female ? | Do you mean the people who are female ? | Yes , how many are female , have gender `` F ''
How many poll sources are there ? how many people are there ? And how many are female ? | Do you mean the people who are female ? | Yes , how many are female , have gender `` F '' what is their unsure rate ? | Do you mean the unsure rate of the people who are female ? | Yes
How many poll sources are there ? how many people are there ? And how many are female ? | Do you mean the people who are female ? | Yes , how many are female , have gender `` F '' what is their unsure rate ? | Do you mean the unsure rate of the people who are female ? | Yes and the males ? | Do you mean the unsure rate of the people who are male ? | yes
How many poll sources are there ? how many people are there ? And how many are female ? | Do you mean the people who are female ? | Yes , how many are female , have gender `` F '' what is their unsure rate ? | Do you mean the unsure rate of the people who are female ? | Yes and the males ? | Do you mean the unsure rate of the people who are male ? | yes which gender got the highest average uncertain ratio.
what is employee number of james ? | Is James a first name or last name ? | first name
what is employee number of james ? | Is James a first name or last name ? | first name please show me the DOB OF EMPLOYEE WHO HAS THIS AS HIS FIRST NAME | Do you mean the first name `` James '' ? | yeah
what is employee number of james ? | Is James a first name or last name ? | first name please show me the DOB OF EMPLOYEE WHO HAS THIS AS HIS FIRST NAME | Do you mean the first name `` James '' ? | yeah SHOW ME THE hire date OF THE EMPLOYEE WHO HAS THE FIRST NAME AS JAMES
what is employee number of james ? | Is James a first name or last name ? | first name please show me the DOB OF EMPLOYEE WHO HAS THIS AS HIS FIRST NAME | Do you mean the first name `` James '' ? | yeah SHOW ME THE hire date OF THE EMPLOYEE WHO HAS THE FIRST NAME AS JAMES Find the first name of the professor who is teaching two courses with code CIS-220 and QM-261.
Find the average height and weight for all males ( sex is M ) .
Find the average height and weight for all males ( sex is M ) . How many male people are on the table ?
Find the average height and weight for all males ( sex is M ) . How many male people are on the table ? Which person has the highest height ?
Find the average height and weight for all males ( sex is M ) . How many male people are on the table ? Which person has the highest height ? How many female people are on the list ?
Find the average height and weight for all males ( sex is M ) . How many male people are on the table ? Which person has the highest height ? How many female people are on the list ? Find the average height and weight for all males (sex is M).
* I have left the chat *
* I have left the chat * what is the first name of the instructor who teaches the least number of courses ?
* I have left the chat * what is the first name of the instructor who teaches the least number of courses ? Which building does the instructor who teaches the most number of courses live in?
What was the least quantity of items purchased ? | do you mean the id of product or the id of order ? | ID of the order please .
What was the least quantity of items purchased ? | do you mean the id of product or the id of order ? | ID of the order please . What is the payment method of the order with an id of 11 ?
What was the least quantity of items purchased ? | do you mean the id of product or the id of order ? | ID of the order please . What is the payment method of the order with an id of 11 ? What is the payment method of the customer that has purchased the least quantity of items?
How many products are there ?
How many products are there ? How many orders were there ?
How many products are there ? How many orders were there ? What is the total number of products not included in any of the orders ?
How many products are there ? How many orders were there ? What is the total number of products not included in any of the orders ? How many products were not included in any order?
What is the status code of the customer with the last name Kohler or first name Marina ?
What is the status code of the customer with the last name Kohler or first name Marina ? What is the mobile phone number of the customer with the last name Kohler or first name Marina ?
What is the status code of the customer with the last name Kohler or first name Marina ? What is the mobile phone number of the customer with the last name Kohler or first name Marina ? How about their email addresses ?
What is the status code of the customer with the last name Kohler or first name Marina ? What is the mobile phone number of the customer with the last name Kohler or first name Marina ? How about their email addresses ? What is the status code, mobile phone number and email address of customer with last name as Kohler or first name as Marina?
What are the driver 's names ?
What are the driver 's names ? How many of them participated in more than 5 races ?
What are the driver 's names ? How many of them participated in more than 5 races ? What are the drivers' first, last names and id who had more than 8 pit stops or participated in more than 5 race results?
Which state has the most customers ?
Which state has the most customers ? How many customers have the customer type code `` Good Credit Rating '' ?
Which state has the most customers ? How many customers have the customer type code `` Good Credit Rating '' ? What are the states of all customers who who have the customer type code Good Credit Rating ?
Which state has the most customers ? How many customers have the customer type code `` Good Credit Rating '' ? What are the states of all customers who who have the customer type code Good Credit Rating ? What are the customer ids of all customers who who have the customer type code Good Credit Rating ?
Which state has the most customers ? How many customers have the customer type code `` Good Credit Rating '' ? What are the states of all customers who who have the customer type code Good Credit Rating ? What are the customer ids of all customers who who have the customer type code Good Credit Rating ? Which state has the most customers?
show the maximum number of floors for all buildings ?
show the maximum number of floors for all buildings ? Show me the name of the building with building id 1 ?
show the maximum number of floors for all buildings ? Show me the name of the building with building id 1 ? Show me the name of the building with 12 floors ?
show the maximum number of floors for all buildings ? Show me the name of the building with building id 1 ? Show me the name of the building with 12 floors ? Show me the average and minimum number of floors for all buildings ?
show the maximum number of floors for all buildings ? Show me the name of the building with building id 1 ? Show me the name of the building with 12 floors ? Show me the average and minimum number of floors for all buildings ? What are the average, maximum, and minimum number of floors for all buildings?
What is the most common birth place of people ?
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ?
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ? What about the most common ?
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ? What about the most common ? What is the birth date of Ty Conklin ?
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ? What about the most common ? What is the birth date of Ty Conklin ? When was he born ?
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ? What about the most common ? What is the birth date of Ty Conklin ? When was he born ? What is his height ?
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ? What about the most common ? What is the birth date of Ty Conklin ? When was he born ? What is his height ? Tell me his weight please .
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ? What about the most common ? What is the birth date of Ty Conklin ? When was he born ? What is his height ? Tell me his weight please . What are the names of the other people with that weight ?
What is the most common birth place of people ? What is the least common birthplace of people ? What about the most common ? What is the birth date of Ty Conklin ? When was he born ? What is his height ? Tell me his weight please . What are the names of the other people with that weight ? What is the most common birth place of people?
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 .
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 . Show the types of ships with tonnage between 3000 and 5000 .
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 . Show the types of ships with tonnage between 3000 and 5000 . What is the nationality of the ship with maximum tonnage ?
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 . Show the types of ships with tonnage between 3000 and 5000 . What is the nationality of the ship with maximum tonnage ? Can you give me the nationality of the ship with minimum tonnage .
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 . Show the types of ships with tonnage between 3000 and 5000 . What is the nationality of the ship with maximum tonnage ? Can you give me the nationality of the ship with minimum tonnage . What is the maximum and the minimum tonnage for a cargo ship ?
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 . Show the types of ships with tonnage between 3000 and 5000 . What is the nationality of the ship with maximum tonnage ? Can you give me the nationality of the ship with minimum tonnage . What is the maximum and the minimum tonnage for a cargo ship ? Hmmm . Can you also give me the maximum and the minimum tonnage for a battle ship ?
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000 . Show the types of ships with tonnage between 3000 and 5000 . What is the nationality of the ship with maximum tonnage ? Can you give me the nationality of the ship with minimum tonnage . What is the maximum and the minimum tonnage for a cargo ship ? Hmmm . Can you also give me the maximum and the minimum tonnage for a battle ship ? Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000.
how many country there
how many country there what is the languages of Finland
how many country there what is the languages of Finland what is the speed of Dauling Dragon
how many country there what is the languages of Finland what is the speed of Dauling Dragon Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster.
What is the name of the branch with the greatest amount of memberships that were registered in the year 2016 ?
What is the name of the branch with the greatest amount of memberships that were registered in the year 2016 ? What is the year that branch opened ?
What is the name of the branch with the greatest amount of memberships that were registered in the year 2016 ? What is the year that branch opened ? Can you list the name and membership amount of the branch that had the least amount of memberships that were opened in the year 2017 ?
What is the name of the branch with the greatest amount of memberships that were registered in the year 2016 ? What is the year that branch opened ? Can you list the name and membership amount of the branch that had the least amount of memberships that were opened in the year 2017 ? Can you list the name and opening year of the branch that opened the earliest ?
What is the name of the branch with the greatest amount of memberships that were registered in the year 2016 ? What is the year that branch opened ? Can you list the name and membership amount of the branch that had the least amount of memberships that were opened in the year 2017 ? Can you list the name and opening year of the branch that opened the earliest ? What is the name and open year for the branch with most number of memberships registered in 2016?
How many film titles are there ?
How many film titles are there ? Please list all the film titles .
How many film titles are there ? Please list all the film titles . Please list each title with its maximum price .
How many film titles are there ? Please list all the film titles . Please list each title with its maximum price . What are the title and maximum price of each film?
Could you please tell me which room has the cheapest base price ?
Could you please tell me which room has the cheapest base price ? Could you please tell me which room has the most expensive base price ?
Could you please tell me which room has the cheapest base price ? Could you please tell me which room has the most expensive base price ? What is the average base price for all rooms ?
Could you please tell me which room has the cheapest base price ? Could you please tell me which room has the most expensive base price ? What is the average base price for all rooms ? What is the name of the room with the largest max occupancy ?
Could you please tell me which room has the cheapest base price ? Could you please tell me which room has the most expensive base price ? What is the average base price for all rooms ? What is the name of the room with the largest max occupancy ? Which room has cheapest base price? List the room's name and the base price.
Please show the results of music festivals and the number of music festivals that have had each , ordered by this count .
Please show the results of music festivals and the number of music festivals that have had each , ordered by this count . Please show the results of music festivals and the number of music festivals that have had each, ordered by this count.
for which user id rating is high | did you mean for which user id is the rating highest ? | ok , find user id who gives the rating 10
for which user id rating is high | did you mean for which user id is the rating highest ? | ok , find user id who gives the rating 10 find the name of the user who gives most reviews
for which user id rating is high | did you mean for which user id is the rating highest ? | ok , find user id who gives the rating 10 find the name of the user who gives most reviews find the name of the user who gives 1 rank
for which user id rating is high | did you mean for which user id is the rating highest ? | ok , find user id who gives the rating 10 find the name of the user who gives most reviews find the name of the user who gives 1 rank Find the name of the user who gives the most reviews.
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ?
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ? What about birth city ?
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ? What about birth city ? and for aaronto01 ? | You mean the birth city for the player with ID aaronto01 ? | yes
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ? What about birth city ? and for aaronto01 ? | You mean the birth city for the player with ID aaronto01 ? | yes How many players in the USA have a batter value R ?
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ? What about birth city ? and for aaronto01 ? | You mean the birth city for the player with ID aaronto01 ? | yes How many players in the USA have a batter value R ? How many with a value R that are dead , died in the USA ?
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ? What about birth city ? and for aaronto01 ? | You mean the birth city for the player with ID aaronto01 ? | yes How many players in the USA have a batter value R ? How many with a value R that are dead , died in the USA ? How many with a value R died after the year 2000 ?
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ? What about birth city ? and for aaronto01 ? | You mean the birth city for the player with ID aaronto01 ? | yes How many players in the USA have a batter value R ? How many with a value R that are dead , died in the USA ? How many with a value R died after the year 2000 ? What about born after the year 1980 ?
What is the the birth country of player-ids ? | Do you mean the birth country of all players ? | yes What is the birth state of player aardsda01 ? What about birth city ? and for aaronto01 ? | You mean the birth city for the player with ID aaronto01 ? | yes How many players in the USA have a batter value R ? How many with a value R that are dead , died in the USA ? How many with a value R died after the year 2000 ? What about born after the year 1980 ? How many players born in USA are right-handed batters? That is, have the batter value 'R'.
Can you list the student ids and their allergies ?
Can you list the student ids and their allergies ? How many students have milk or egg allergies ?
Can you list the student ids and their allergies ? How many students have milk or egg allergies ? How many female students have milk or egg allergies?
What member is in charge of the most events ?
What member is in charge of the most events ? What is the name of Member ID 4 ?
What member is in charge of the most events ? What is the name of Member ID 4 ? What is the name of member in charge of greatest number of events?
Find the number of cities in USA country ?
Find the number of cities in USA country ? How many country 's located in the world ?
Find the number of cities in USA country ? How many country 's located in the world ? What are the market id of china ?
Find the number of cities in USA country ? How many country 's located in the world ? What are the market id of china ? What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets .
Find the number of cities in USA country ? How many country 's located in the world ? What are the market id of china ? What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets . What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets.
Hi there ! Can you provide me with the country and state province county information for the staff member named Janessa Sawayn ? | Are you referring to the staff member having first name Janessa and last name Sawayn ? | Yes , that is correct !
Hi there ! Can you provide me with the country and state province county information for the staff member named Janessa Sawayn ? | Are you referring to the staff member having first name Janessa and last name Sawayn ? | Yes , that is correct ! Which country and state does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
what is the lname of grade 2 | Do you mean what are the last names of the students in grade 2 ? | what is the lname of classroom 101
what is the lname of grade 2 | Do you mean what are the last names of the students in grade 2 ? | what is the lname of classroom 101 what is the fname of class room 102
what is the lname of grade 2 | Do you mean what are the last names of the students in grade 2 ? | what is the lname of classroom 101 what is the fname of class room 102 Find all students taught by MARROTTE KIRK. Output first and last names of students.
how many products are there
how many products are there what is the product name of color code 2
how many products are there what is the product name of color code 2 what is the characteristic data type of characteristic id 1
how many products are there what is the product name of color code 2 what is the characteristic data type of characteristic id 1 How many products have the characteristic named "hot"?
How many policies does America Jaskolski have listed ?
How many policies does America Jaskolski have listed ? What about Mrs. Hanna Willms ? | Did you mean the number of policies Mrs. Hanna Willms has listed ? | Yes
How many policies does America Jaskolski have listed ? What about Mrs. Hanna Willms ? | Did you mean the number of policies Mrs. Hanna Willms has listed ? | Yes How many policies are listed total ?
How many policies does America Jaskolski have listed ? What about Mrs. Hanna Willms ? | Did you mean the number of policies Mrs. Hanna Willms has listed ? | Yes How many policies are listed total ? What is the Customer Name who has the most policies listed ?
How many policies does America Jaskolski have listed ? What about Mrs. Hanna Willms ? | Did you mean the number of policies Mrs. Hanna Willms has listed ? | Yes How many policies are listed total ? What is the Customer Name who has the most policies listed ? What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed?
Hi . How many different clubs are there in total ?
Hi . How many different clubs are there in total ? What are the names of the 4 clubs ?
Hi . How many different clubs are there in total ? What are the names of the 4 clubs ? Among the 4 clubs , how many members are there in total ?
Hi . How many different clubs are there in total ? What are the names of the 4 clubs ? Among the 4 clubs , how many members are there in total ? Of the 4 members , how many of them are members of the club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' ?
Hi . How many different clubs are there in total ? What are the names of the 4 clubs ? Among the 4 clubs , how many members are there in total ? Of the 4 members , how many of them are members of the club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' ? Find the number of members of club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
what is the average lifespan of the representatives
what is the average lifespan of the representatives what parties have at least two representatives
what is the average lifespan of the representatives what parties have at least two representatives what parties have at least three representatives
what is the average lifespan of the representatives what parties have at least two representatives what parties have at least three representatives What parties have at least three representatives?
Which items were ordered four or more times ? | There is no item that was ordered four or more times | What is the id of products supplied more than 80000 ?
Which items were ordered four or more times ? | There is no item that was ordered four or more times | What is the id of products supplied more than 80000 ? What is the latest date that orders were sent by supplier id 4 ? | Did you mean date of supplied from or to ? | Supplied to .
Which items were ordered four or more times ? | There is no item that was ordered four or more times | What is the id of products supplied more than 80000 ? What is the latest date that orders were sent by supplier id 4 ? | Did you mean date of supplied from or to ? | Supplied to . Return the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or supplied more than 80000.
What colleges do the players play for ? | * I have left the chat * | Yes , please
What colleges do the players play for ? | * I have left the chat * | Yes , please Thank you . And what are the names of the players who play for those schools ?
What colleges do the players play for ? | * I have left the chat * | Yes , please Thank you . And what are the names of the players who play for those schools ? Thank you . Which players play midfielder ?
What colleges do the players play for ? | * I have left the chat * | Yes , please Thank you . And what are the names of the players who play for those schools ? Thank you . Which players play midfielder ? Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender ?
What colleges do the players play for ? | * I have left the chat * | Yes , please Thank you . And what are the names of the players who play for those schools ? Thank you . Which players play midfielder ? Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender ? Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender?
What are the last name of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean customer , not staff ? | yes
What are the last name of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean customer , not staff ? | yes what is the inventory id of the rent id 3 ?
What are the last name of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean customer , not staff ? | yes what is the inventory id of the rent id 3 ? what is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental ?
What are the last name of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean customer , not staff ? | yes what is the inventory id of the rent id 3 ? what is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental ? What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental?
What are the times of trains that go to chennai ?
What are the times of trains that go to chennai ? What are the trains names that go to chennai ?
What are the times of trains that go to chennai ? What are the trains names that go to chennai ? What is the origin of Ananthapuri express ?
What are the times of trains that go to chennai ? What are the trains names that go to chennai ? What is the origin of Ananthapuri express ? Give me the times and numbers of all trains that go to Chennai, ordered by time.
What are the number of games played for students under the age of 20 ?
What are the number of games played for students under the age of 20 ? What are the total hours per week students under the age of 20 played games ?
What are the number of games played for students under the age of 20 ? What are the total hours per week students under the age of 20 played games ? What is the most common sport name those students played ?
What are the number of games played for students under the age of 20 ? What are the total hours per week students under the age of 20 played games ? What is the most common sport name those students played ? Show total hours per week and number of games played for students under 20.
what is the activity id of faculty id of 1082
what is the activity id of faculty id of 1082 what is the rank of mark
what is the activity id of faculty id of 1082 what is the rank of mark Find the first names of the faculty members who are playing Canoeing or Kayaking.
Hi , could you please show me the list of all appellations those produce wine after 2008 ?
Hi , could you please show me the list of all appellations those produce wine after 2008 ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please exclude Central Coast area from them ?
Hi , could you please show me the list of all appellations those produce wine after 2008 ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please exclude Central Coast area from them ? That 's great , thank you . Could you please show me the list of states where these appellations are located at ?
Hi , could you please show me the list of all appellations those produce wine after 2008 ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please exclude Central Coast area from them ? That 's great , thank you . Could you please show me the list of states where these appellations are located at ? Oh.. actually somewhat expected that . Thank you , then could you please let me know the average price of all wines ?
Hi , could you please show me the list of all appellations those produce wine after 2008 ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please exclude Central Coast area from them ? That 's great , thank you . Could you please show me the list of states where these appellations are located at ? Oh.. actually somewhat expected that . Thank you , then could you please let me know the average price of all wines ? Then could you please show me the list of wines those are more expensive than the average ?
Hi , could you please show me the list of all appellations those produce wine after 2008 ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please exclude Central Coast area from them ? That 's great , thank you . Could you please show me the list of states where these appellations are located at ? Oh.. actually somewhat expected that . Thank you , then could you please let me know the average price of all wines ? Then could you please show me the list of wines those are more expensive than the average ? Find the appelations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area.
Which department has the least number of employees ?
Which department has the least number of employees ? What is the head of that department ?
Which department has the least number of employees ? What is the head of that department ? What is the employee id of the head whose department has the least number of employees?
What is the highest grade point ?
What is the highest grade point ? What is the highest grade point for each letter grade ?
What is the highest grade point ? What is the highest grade point for each letter grade ? Can you show both the highest and lowest grade point for each letter grade ?
What is the highest grade point ? What is the highest grade point for each letter grade ? Can you show both the highest and lowest grade point for each letter grade ? Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade.
list the life spans of all representatives
list the life spans of all representatives what are the life spans of representatives from New York ?
list the life spans of all representatives what are the life spans of representatives from New York ? what are the life spans of representatives from Indiana ?
list the life spans of all representatives what are the life spans of representatives from New York ? what are the life spans of representatives from Indiana ? What are the life spans of representatives from New York state or Indiana state?
How many films are there in total ?
How many films are there in total ? How many of those films do not have any market estimation ?
How many films are there in total ? How many of those films do not have any market estimation ? What about film IDs ? | Do you mean the film IDs of the 9 films that do not have market estimations ? | Yes , could you tell me those films ' IDs ?
How many films are there in total ? How many of those films do not have any market estimation ? What about film IDs ? | Do you mean the film IDs of the 9 films that do not have market estimations ? | Yes , could you tell me those films ' IDs ? What are the titles of the films with those IDs ?
How many films are there in total ? How many of those films do not have any market estimation ? What about film IDs ? | Do you mean the film IDs of the 9 films that do not have market estimations ? | Yes , could you tell me those films ' IDs ? What are the titles of the films with those IDs ? List the title of films that do not have any market estimation.
What is the number of the apartment with the greatest number of bedrooms ?
What is the number of the apartment with the greatest number of bedrooms ? What is the number of the apartment with the least number of bedrooms ?
What is the number of the apartment with the greatest number of bedrooms ? What is the number of the apartment with the least number of bedrooms ? What is the apartment type code of the apartment with the greatest number of bathrooms ?
What is the number of the apartment with the greatest number of bedrooms ? What is the number of the apartment with the least number of bedrooms ? What is the apartment type code of the apartment with the greatest number of bathrooms ? How many rooms does that apartment have , and what is the number of that apartment ?
What is the number of the apartment with the greatest number of bedrooms ? What is the number of the apartment with the least number of bedrooms ? What is the apartment type code of the apartment with the greatest number of bathrooms ? How many rooms does that apartment have , and what is the number of that apartment ? Return the apartment number with the largest number of bedrooms.
List all employees ?
List all employees ? Of these employees , how many did not have a job in the past ?
List all employees ? Of these employees , how many did not have a job in the past ? Okay . How many had jobs in the past ?
List all employees ? Of these employees , how many did not have a job in the past ? Okay . How many had jobs in the past ? display all the information of those employees who did not have any job in the past.
Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours
Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require less than 300 hours
Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require less than 300 hours and what are the names of the projects requiring more than 300 hours
Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require less than 300 hours and what are the names of the projects requiring more than 300 hours and what is the scientist id for project Aerodynamics and Bridge Design
Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require less than 300 hours and what are the names of the projects requiring more than 300 hours and what is the scientist id for project Aerodynamics and Bridge Design Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours.
How many names in this table ?
How many names in this table ? Find the total amount of membership ?
How many names in this table ? Find the total amount of membership ? Find highest membership amount ?
How many names in this table ? Find the total amount of membership ? Find highest membership amount ? Find the lowest membership amount ?
How many names in this table ? Find the total amount of membership ? Find highest membership amount ? Find the lowest membership amount ? Show all city with a branch opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 membership.
what is the color code of basil ?
what is the color code of basil ? what is the color with least products ?
what is the color code of basil ? what is the color with least products ? what is the name of the product with color code 4 ?
what is the color code of basil ? what is the color with least products ? what is the name of the product with color code 4 ? What is the typical selling price of product paper ?
what is the color code of basil ? what is the color with least products ? what is the name of the product with color code 4 ? What is the typical selling price of product paper ? What is the description of the color for most products?
Which player has the highest salary on the list ?
Which player has the highest salary on the list ? How many players has the birth country in USA ?
Which player has the highest salary on the list ? How many players has the birth country in USA ? State the team id which has the highest rank in the list ?
Which player has the highest salary on the list ? How many players has the birth country in USA ? State the team id which has the highest rank in the list ? List player 's first name and last name who received salary from team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007 ?
Which player has the highest salary on the list ? How many players has the birth country in USA ? State the team id which has the highest rank in the list ? List player 's first name and last name who received salary from team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007 ? List players' first name and last name who received salary from team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007.
what is the name of all males ?
what is the name of all males ? what is the age of Bob ?
what is the name of all males ? what is the age of Bob ? who is a doctor ?
what is the name of all males ? what is the age of Bob ? who is a doctor ? Find the name and age of all males in order of their age.
How many different apartment building are there ?
How many different apartment building are there ? How many of those apartment building are managed by Kyle ?
How many different apartment building are there ? How many of those apartment building are managed by Kyle ? How many apartment type codes are there ?
How many different apartment building are there ? How many of those apartment building are managed by Kyle ? How many apartment type codes are there ? Show the apartment types codes in buildings managed by Kyle ?
How many different apartment building are there ? How many of those apartment building are managed by Kyle ? How many apartment type codes are there ? Show the apartment types codes in buildings managed by Kyle ? Show the apartment numbers in the buildings managed by Kyle .
How many different apartment building are there ? How many of those apartment building are managed by Kyle ? How many apartment type codes are there ? Show the apartment types codes in buildings managed by Kyle ? Show the apartment numbers in the buildings managed by Kyle . Show the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by "Kyle".
What is the first and last name of all students 18 years old who have vice president votes ?
What is the first and last name of all students 18 years old who have vice president votes ? Ok , what is the first and last name of the student who has president votes ?
What is the first and last name of all students 18 years old who have vice president votes ? Ok , what is the first and last name of the student who has president votes ? Ok , and of the students who had President votes how many were males ?
What is the first and last name of all students 18 years old who have vice president votes ? Ok , what is the first and last name of the student who has president votes ? Ok , and of the students who had President votes how many were males ? Find the first and last name of all the students of age 18 who have vice president votes.
What is the average price of all products ?
What is the average price of all products ? What is the product type of the product whose average price is greater than the average price of all products ?
What is the average price of all products ? What is the product type of the product whose average price is greater than the average price of all products ? What is the average price of that product with type code Hardware ?
What is the average price of all products ? What is the product type of the product whose average price is greater than the average price of all products ? What is the average price of that product with type code Hardware ? What is the average price of all products with the type code `` clothes '' ?
What is the average price of all products ? What is the product type of the product whose average price is greater than the average price of all products ? What is the average price of that product with type code Hardware ? What is the average price of all products with the type code `` clothes '' ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products.
What is the name for the artist with the most number of exhibitions ?
What is the name for the artist with the most number of exhibitions ? What country is he from ?
What is the name for the artist with the most number of exhibitions ? What country is he from ? Who is the artist with the least number of exhibitions ?
What is the name for the artist with the most number of exhibitions ? What country is he from ? Who is the artist with the least number of exhibitions ? What is the name and country for the artist with most number of exhibitions?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of the player IDs and player names ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of the player IDs and player names ? Can you update this list to show both the heights for each player , as well as each of their overall scores ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of the player IDs and player names ? Can you update this list to show both the heights for each player , as well as each of their overall scores ? Thank you ! Can you filter this list to show only the players who have an overall rating higher than 85 ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of the player IDs and player names ? Can you update this list to show both the heights for each player , as well as each of their overall scores ? Thank you ! Can you filter this list to show only the players who have an overall rating higher than 85 ? Excellent ! Finally , could you filter this list to show only the players with a height that is greater than 180 cm ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of the player IDs and player names ? Can you update this list to show both the heights for each player , as well as each of their overall scores ? Thank you ! Can you filter this list to show only the players who have an overall rating higher than 85 ? Excellent ! Finally , could you filter this list to show only the players with a height that is greater than 180 cm ? List all of the player ids with a height of at least 180cm and an overall rating higher than 85.
Can you list the maximum number of used kb in screen mode ?
Can you list the maximum number of used kb in screen mode ? How about the minimum too ?
Can you list the maximum number of used kb in screen mode ? How about the minimum too ? Could you get me the average as well , please ?
Can you list the maximum number of used kb in screen mode ? How about the minimum too ? Could you get me the average as well , please ? List the maximum, minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode.
What is the product category of `` laurel '' ? | Did you mean the product category of the product named `` laurel '' ? | yes
What is the product category of `` laurel '' ? | Did you mean the product category of the product named `` laurel '' ? | yes And how many characteristics does this product have ?
What is the product category of `` laurel '' ? | Did you mean the product category of the product named `` laurel '' ? | yes And how many characteristics does this product have ? Than what is it 's typical selling price ?
What is the product category of `` laurel '' ? | Did you mean the product category of the product named `` laurel '' ? | yes And how many characteristics does this product have ? Than what is it 's typical selling price ? How many characteristics does the product named "laurel" have?
State the email id of custormer id 1 ?
State the email id of custormer id 1 ? How many employees are from Calgary city ?
State the email id of custormer id 1 ? How many employees are from Calgary city ? Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers ?
State the email id of custormer id 1 ? How many employees are from Calgary city ? Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers ? State the title of employee id 2 ?
State the email id of custormer id 1 ? How many employees are from Calgary city ? Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers ? State the title of employee id 2 ? Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers.
Could you please show me the average share count of transactions of each investor ?
Could you please show me the average share count of transactions of each investor ? Could you order those by average share count , please ?
Could you please show me the average share count of transactions of each investor ? Could you order those by average share count , please ? What are the dates of those transactions ?
Could you please show me the average share count of transactions of each investor ? Could you order those by average share count , please ? What are the dates of those transactions ? What about just the ones with the transaction type code SALE ?
Could you please show me the average share count of transactions of each investor ? Could you order those by average share count , please ? What are the dates of those transactions ? What about just the ones with the transaction type code SALE ? What about transactions with type code PUR ?
Could you please show me the average share count of transactions of each investor ? Could you order those by average share count , please ? What are the dates of those transactions ? What about just the ones with the transaction type code SALE ? What about transactions with type code PUR ? Show the average share count of transactions each each investor, ordered by average share count.
Hi , can you tell me the name of an HR employee ?
Hi , can you tell me the name of an HR employee ? Great , can you show the role code with the last employees ? | Did you mean the employee with the largest id ? | yes
Hi , can you tell me the name of an HR employee ? Great , can you show the role code with the last employees ? | Did you mean the employee with the largest id ? | yes and the role code with the least employees ?
Hi , can you tell me the name of an HR employee ? Great , can you show the role code with the last employees ? | Did you mean the employee with the largest id ? | yes and the role code with the least employees ? Show the role code with the least employees.
What is the name of the newest song ?
What is the name of the newest song ? And the oldest song ?
What is the name of the newest song ? And the oldest song ? What are the names of the artists that released the oldest song on the list ?
What is the name of the newest song ? And the oldest song ? What are the names of the artists that released the oldest song on the list ? What is the name of the song that was released in the most recent year?
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments .
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments . Which of those has the highest salary ?
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments . Which of those has the highest salary ? Of the people who earn the smallest salary in each department , who has the highest salary ? | do you mean the first name and last name and department id for the people ? | yes
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments . Which of those has the highest salary ? Of the people who earn the smallest salary in each department , who has the highest salary ? | do you mean the first name and last name and department id for the people ? | yes Give me their salary and their manager 's salary | do you mean the salary and manager 's salary of all people ? | Give me the name and salary of the highest paid employee and their manager
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments . Which of those has the highest salary ? Of the people who earn the smallest salary in each department , who has the highest salary ? | do you mean the first name and last name and department id for the people ? | yes Give me their salary and their manager 's salary | do you mean the salary and manager 's salary of all people ? | Give me the name and salary of the highest paid employee and their manager Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments.
what is the first and last name of the profesor in biology department ?
what is the first and last name of the profesor in biology department ? how many employee in table ?
what is the first and last name of the profesor in biology department ? how many employee in table ? what is the highest professor extension in the table ?
what is the first and last name of the profesor in biology department ? how many employee in table ? what is the highest professor extension in the table ? what is least employee number in the table ?
what is the first and last name of the profesor in biology department ? how many employee in table ? what is the highest professor extension in the table ? what is least employee number in the table ? What is the first and last name of the professor in biology department?
List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel .
List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel . List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel and the date they became a member .
List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel . List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel and the date they became a member . Find the name and active to date of the customers that use email as the contact channel .
List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel . List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel and the date they became a member . Find the name and active to date of the customers that use email as the contact channel . What is the payment method of Devin Mills .
List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel . List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel and the date they became a member . Find the name and active to date of the customers that use email as the contact channel . What is the payment method of Devin Mills . What is the customer id of Devin Mills .
List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel . List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel and the date they became a member . Find the name and active to date of the customers that use email as the contact channel . What is the payment method of Devin Mills . What is the customer id of Devin Mills . List the names of all the customers with the same payment method as Devin Mills .
List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel . List the names of all the customers that use email as a contact channel and the date they became a member . Find the name and active to date of the customers that use email as the contact channel . What is the payment method of Devin Mills . What is the customer id of Devin Mills . List the names of all the customers with the same payment method as Devin Mills . Find the name and active date of the customer that use email as the contact channel.
can you count the number of of games played in atlanta in 2000
can you count the number of of games played in atlanta in 2000 How many games were played in city Atlanta in 2000?
what is the country of zip postcode 416 ?
what is the country of zip postcode 416 ? what is the city of south california
what is the country of zip postcode 416 ? what is the city of south california what is the address content of colorando ?
what is the country of zip postcode 416 ? what is the city of south california what is the address content of colorando ? what is the city of new jersey
what is the country of zip postcode 416 ? what is the city of south california what is the address content of colorando ? what is the city of new jersey list the city of country USA ?
what is the country of zip postcode 416 ? what is the city of south california what is the address content of colorando ? what is the city of new jersey list the city of country USA ? Find all the addresses in East Julianaside, Texas or in Gleasonmouth, Arizona.
What is the title , phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards ?
What is the title , phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards ? what is the total number of employees ?
What is the title , phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards ? what is the total number of employees ? what is the first name of gentral manager ? | I can not find `` gentral manager '' in the table . Did you mean general manager ? | yes that is the general manager ?
What is the title , phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards ? what is the total number of employees ? what is the first name of gentral manager ? | I can not find `` gentral manager '' in the table . Did you mean general manager ? | yes that is the general manager ? What is the title, phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards?
What is the most common type ?
What is the most common type ? And how many companies are there with this type ?
What is the most common type ? And how many companies are there with this type ? And how about the least common type of company ?
What is the most common type ? And how many companies are there with this type ? And how about the least common type of company ? What is the most common company type, and how many are there?
which one of these rooms has reservations ?
which one of these rooms has reservations ? What about the rooms which do not have reservations ?
which one of these rooms has reservations ? What about the rooms which do not have reservations ? Find the number of rooms that do not have any reservation.
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count , please ?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count , please ? What is the name of the location that has more than one gas station ?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count , please ? What is the name of the location that has more than one gas station ? What year was more than one gas station opened in ?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count , please ? What is the name of the location that has more than one gas station ? What year was more than one gas station opened in ? Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count.
Hello , are there any countries that have two or more stadiums ?
Hello , are there any countries that have two or more stadiums ? What countries have a stadium with a copacity greather than 60000 ?
Hello , are there any countries that have two or more stadiums ? What countries have a stadium with a copacity greather than 60000 ? Which country has both stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 and stadiums with capacity less than 50000?
Can you show me the number of drivers who are from Hartford City ?
Can you show me the number of drivers who are from Hartford City ? Oh , I want the names of the drivers .
Can you show me the number of drivers who are from Hartford City ? Oh , I want the names of the drivers . Hmm , please show me names of the drivers who are younger than 40 .
Can you show me the number of drivers who are from Hartford City ? Oh , I want the names of the drivers . Hmm , please show me names of the drivers who are younger than 40 . Can you count the number of drivers who are from Hartford City or younger than 40 ?
Can you show me the number of drivers who are from Hartford City ? Oh , I want the names of the drivers . Hmm , please show me names of the drivers who are younger than 40 . Can you count the number of drivers who are from Hartford City or younger than 40 ? How many drivers are from Hartford city or younger than 40?
show the minimum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city location
show the minimum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city location show the maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city location
show the minimum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city location show the maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city location Show minimum and maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city London.
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50 .
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50 . display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50 . display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage display the emails of the employees who have a commission percentage | Did you mean the employees who have commission percentage more than 0 ? | yes
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50 . display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage display the emails of the employees who have a commission percentage | Did you mean the employees who have commission percentage more than 0 ? | yes How many employees with salary above 12000 are there ?
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50 . display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage display the emails of the employees who have a commission percentage | Did you mean the employees who have commission percentage more than 0 ? | yes How many employees with salary above 12000 are there ? List their names please | Did you mean their FIRST NAME and LAST NAME ? | yes
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50 . display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage display the emails of the employees who have a commission percentage | Did you mean the employees who have commission percentage more than 0 ? | yes How many employees with salary above 12000 are there ? List their names please | Did you mean their FIRST NAME and LAST NAME ? | yes display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50.
which females had a wedding in 2016 ?
which females had a wedding in 2016 ? which females in that list are from canada ?
which females had a wedding in 2016 ? which females in that list are from canada ? who are the females in canada ?
which females had a wedding in 2016 ? which females in that list are from canada ? who are the females in canada ? who got married in 2016 ?
which females had a wedding in 2016 ? which females in that list are from canada ? who are the females in canada ? who got married in 2016 ? who in that list is from canada ?
which females had a wedding in 2016 ? which females in that list are from canada ? who are the females in canada ? who got married in 2016 ? who in that list is from canada ? Show the names for all females from Canada having a wedding in year 2016.
What are the names of storms which do n't have affected region in record ?
What are the names of storms which do n't have affected region in record ? What is the number of city affected for storm with name two ?
What are the names of storms which do n't have affected region in record ? What is the number of city affected for storm with name two ? What is storm name two storm ID ?
What are the names of storms which do n't have affected region in record ? What is the number of city affected for storm with name two ? What is storm name two storm ID ? Show the name of storms which don't have affected region in record.
How many persons are on the list ?
How many persons are on the list ? Who is the least aged person on the list ?
How many persons are on the list ? Who is the least aged person on the list ? How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer ?
How many persons are on the list ? Who is the least aged person on the list ? How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer ? How many female people are on the list ?
How many persons are on the list ? Who is the least aged person on the list ? How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer ? How many female people are on the list ? How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer?
What is the population of city Id 2 ?
What is the population of city Id 2 ? What is the census ranking of Perth-Andover ?
What is the population of city Id 2 ? What is the census ranking of Perth-Andover ? What is the name of hosts of Carnival M is back ?
What is the population of city Id 2 ? What is the census ranking of Perth-Andover ? What is the name of hosts of Carnival M is back ? List the official names of cities that have not held any competition.
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed ?
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed ? What is the name of the customer ?
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed ? What is the name of the customer ? what is the phone number for life insurance ?
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed ? What is the name of the customer ? what is the phone number for life insurance ? What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff ?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff ? how many staff are gender 1 ?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff ? how many staff are gender 1 ? how many staff are not gender 1 ?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff ? how many staff are gender 1 ? how many staff are not gender 1 ? Which gender makes up the majority of the staff?
Fine the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains `` Smith '' is assigned to .
Fine the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains `` Smith '' is assigned to . What is the first name of `` Smith ''
Fine the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains `` Smith '' is assigned to . What is the first name of `` Smith '' Find the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains ‘Smith’ is assigned to.
can you please list the document types with the count of document structure code ?
can you please list the document types with the count of document structure code ? can you filter out the results where count less than 4 and only show more than 4
can you please list the document types with the count of document structure code ? can you filter out the results where count less than 4 and only show more than 4 Find the types of documents with more than 4 documents.
Could you please show the membership level with the greatest number of members ?
Could you please show the membership level with the greatest number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ?
Could you please show the membership level with the greatest number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ? What are their names , please ?
Could you please show the membership level with the greatest number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ? What are their names , please ? What about the membership level with the least number of members ?
Could you please show the membership level with the greatest number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ? What are their names , please ? What about the membership level with the least number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ?
Could you please show the membership level with the greatest number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ? What are their names , please ? What about the membership level with the least number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ? What is their name , please ?
Could you please show the membership level with the greatest number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ? What are their names , please ? What about the membership level with the least number of members ? What are the member ids of the people who have that membership level ? What is their name , please ? Show the membership level with most number of members.
Could you please show me the ids of the projects with at least 2 documents ?
Could you please show me the ids of the projects with at least 2 documents ? What about those with at least 3 documents ?
Could you please show me the ids of the projects with at least 2 documents ? What about those with at least 3 documents ? What are the dates of those , please ?
Could you please show me the ids of the projects with at least 2 documents ? What about those with at least 3 documents ? What are the dates of those , please ? What are the dates of the projects with at least 2 documents , please ? | Do you mean the projects of documents , not projects , right ? | Yes
Could you please show me the ids of the projects with at least 2 documents ? What about those with at least 3 documents ? What are the dates of those , please ? What are the dates of the projects with at least 2 documents , please ? | Do you mean the projects of documents , not projects , right ? | Yes What are the project ids of those ?
Could you please show me the ids of the projects with at least 2 documents ? What about those with at least 3 documents ? What are the dates of those , please ? What are the dates of the projects with at least 2 documents , please ? | Do you mean the projects of documents , not projects , right ? | Yes What are the project ids of those ? Show the ids for projects with at least 2 documents.
what is the date assigned to of the department managers ?
what is the date assigned to of the department managers ? list the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs ?
what is the date assigned to of the department managers ? list the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs ? what is the date assigned from sales person ?
what is the date assigned to of the department managers ? list the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs ? what is the date assigned from sales person ? List the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs.
Can you show me the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 ?
Can you show me the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 ? What about the invoice numbers which are created after 2007-12-25 ?
Can you show me the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 ? What about the invoice numbers which are created after 2007-12-25 ? Hmm , can you list the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25 ?
Can you show me the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 ? What about the invoice numbers which are created after 2007-12-25 ? Hmm , can you list the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25 ? Find the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25.
Show names for all employees with a salary greater than average
Show names for all employees with a salary greater than average Great , could you tell me the average salary ?
Show names for all employees with a salary greater than average Great , could you tell me the average salary ? Could you show me a list of employees with a salary less than the average ?
Show names for all employees with a salary greater than average Great , could you tell me the average salary ? Could you show me a list of employees with a salary less than the average ? how many employees earn above the average salary ?
Show names for all employees with a salary greater than average Great , could you tell me the average salary ? Could you show me a list of employees with a salary less than the average ? how many employees earn above the average salary ? how many earn below the average ?
Show names for all employees with a salary greater than average Great , could you tell me the average salary ? Could you show me a list of employees with a salary less than the average ? how many employees earn above the average salary ? how many earn below the average ? Show names for all employees with salary more than the average.
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on , in ascending order of the ranking of the market .
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on , in ascending order of the ranking of the market . Which carriers are active in Alberta ?
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on , in ascending order of the ranking of the market . Which carriers are active in Alberta ? Where else is TMobile active ?
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on , in ascending order of the ranking of the market . Which carriers are active in Alberta ? Where else is TMobile active ? Which phones does TMobile support ?
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on , in ascending order of the ranking of the market . Which carriers are active in Alberta ? Where else is TMobile active ? Which phones does TMobile support ? Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on, in ascending order of the ranking of the market.
I want to know the number of public universities
I want to know the number of public universities I want to know the number of public universities with over 20000 enrollment size .
I want to know the number of public universities I want to know the number of public universities with over 20000 enrollment size . Find the number of universities that have over a 20000 enrollment size for each affiliation type.
Which festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | you want all of festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | Yes
Which festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | you want all of festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | Yes Which festival name was associated with program talent show ?
Which festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | you want all of festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | Yes Which festival name was associated with program talent show ? What was the location of LA awards ?
Which festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | you want all of festival name was nimonated for artwork ? | Yes Which festival name was associated with program talent show ? What was the location of LA awards ? Show the names of festivals that have nominated artworks of type "Program Talent Show".
How many number if scientist belong to project AeH1
How many number if scientist belong to project AeH1 How about project Ast3 , how many scientists ?
How many number if scientist belong to project AeH1 How about project Ast3 , how many scientists ? How about project AeH3
How many number if scientist belong to project AeH1 How about project Ast3 , how many scientists ? How about project AeH3 Find the number of scientists involved for each project name.
What is the average attendance of all events ?
What is the average attendance of all events ? What is the maximum attendance of all events ?
What is the average attendance of all events ? What is the maximum attendance of all events ? What is the minimum attendance of all events ?
What is the average attendance of all events ? What is the maximum attendance of all events ? What is the minimum attendance of all events ? what are the average and maximum attendances of all events?
show names of technicians by order of quality rank of machine they are assigned from worst to best
show names of technicians by order of quality rank of machine they are assigned from worst to best Which technician is the oldest ? | Do you mean the id of the oldest technician ? | What is the Name of the oldest technician ?
show names of technicians by order of quality rank of machine they are assigned from worst to best Which technician is the oldest ? | Do you mean the id of the oldest technician ? | What is the Name of the oldest technician ? What is the name of the Team with the most number of value points ?
show names of technicians by order of quality rank of machine they are assigned from worst to best Which technician is the oldest ? | Do you mean the id of the oldest technician ? | What is the Name of the oldest technician ? What is the name of the Team with the most number of value points ? What was the Making Year of the Machine series With the lowest quality rank ?
show names of technicians by order of quality rank of machine they are assigned from worst to best Which technician is the oldest ? | Do you mean the id of the oldest technician ? | What is the Name of the oldest technician ? What is the name of the Team with the most number of value points ? What was the Making Year of the Machine series With the lowest quality rank ? Show names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned.
How many ships in this table ?
How many ships in this table ? How many captains in this table ?
How many ships in this table ? How many captains in this table ? Who is the most aged captain in this table ?
How many ships in this table ? How many captains in this table ? Who is the most aged captain in this table ? How many different ranks in this table ?
How many ships in this table ? How many captains in this table ? Who is the most aged captain in this table ? How many different ranks in this table ? Find the name of the ship that is steered by the youngest captain.
How many total orders do we have ?
How many total orders do we have ? What is the total number of customers ?
How many total orders do we have ? What is the total number of customers ? What are their customer id 's ?
How many total orders do we have ? What is the total number of customers ? What are their customer id 's ? What was the amount of orders for the customer that had that most orders ?
How many total orders do we have ? What is the total number of customers ? What are their customer id 's ? What was the amount of orders for the customer that had that most orders ? Which customer had 3 orders ?
How many total orders do we have ? What is the total number of customers ? What are their customer id 's ? What was the amount of orders for the customer that had that most orders ? Which customer had 3 orders ? What is the customer id for George ?
How many total orders do we have ? What is the total number of customers ? What are their customer id 's ? What was the amount of orders for the customer that had that most orders ? Which customer had 3 orders ? What is the customer id for George ? And for Jeramie ?
How many total orders do we have ? What is the total number of customers ? What are their customer id 's ? What was the amount of orders for the customer that had that most orders ? Which customer had 3 orders ? What is the customer id for George ? And for Jeramie ? What is the customer id of the customer who has the most orders?
how many customers cards there
how many customers cards there how many credit cards there
how many customers cards there how many credit cards there how many debit cards there
how many customers cards there how many credit cards there how many debit cards there Show the card type codes and the number of transactions.
How many products have the characteristic named `` hot ''
How many products have the characteristic named `` hot '' what is the name of the product with the characteristic `` hot '' ?
How many products have the characteristic named `` hot '' what is the name of the product with the characteristic `` hot '' ? what is the selling price of lotus ?
How many products have the characteristic named `` hot '' what is the name of the product with the characteristic `` hot '' ? what is the selling price of lotus ? How many products have the characteristic named "hot"?
Show the detention type code for the detention with id 1 ?
Show the detention type code for the detention with id 1 ? Show the code and description of the least frequent detention type ?
Show the detention type code for the detention with id 1 ? Show the code and description of the least frequent detention type ? Show the code and description of the most frequent detention type ?
Show the detention type code for the detention with id 1 ? Show the code and description of the least frequent detention type ? Show the code and description of the most frequent detention type ? What are the code and description of the least frequent detention type ?
How many perpetrators are there ?
How many perpetrators are there ? What is the location for each perpetrator ?
How many perpetrators are there ? What is the location for each perpetrator ? Can you tell me the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills ?
How many perpetrators are there ? What is the location for each perpetrator ? Can you tell me the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills ? What is the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills.
hi , what is the maximum low temperature at Amersham station ?
hi , what is the maximum low temperature at Amersham station ? on what day was it ? | Did you mean the day of week in weekly weather table | Yes , in what say was the maximum low temperature in Amersham station .
hi , what is the maximum low temperature at Amersham station ? on what day was it ? | Did you mean the day of week in weekly weather table | Yes , in what say was the maximum low temperature in Amersham station . Can you tell me what is the average precipitation at the Amersham station ?
hi , what is the maximum low temperature at Amersham station ? on what day was it ? | Did you mean the day of week in weekly weather table | Yes , in what say was the maximum low temperature in Amersham station . Can you tell me what is the average precipitation at the Amersham station ? Give me the maximum low temperature and average precipitation at the Amersham station.
can you show me a list of lesson date ?
can you show me a list of lesson date ? what is the average of lesson time ?
can you show me a list of lesson date ? what is the average of lesson time ? what is the highest price ?
can you show me a list of lesson date ? what is the average of lesson time ? what is the highest price ? how many lessons does customer with first name ray took ?
can you show me a list of lesson date ? what is the average of lesson time ? what is the highest price ? how many lessons does customer with first name ray took ? How many lesson does customer with first name Ray took?
what is the total duration of trips with bike id 636 ?
what is the total duration of trips with bike id 636 ? ok , what is the maximum duration of trip with bike id 636 ?
what is the total duration of trips with bike id 636 ? ok , what is the maximum duration of trip with bike id 636 ? ok , what is the maximum duration of trip with bike id 454 ?
what is the total duration of trips with bike id 636 ? ok , what is the maximum duration of trip with bike id 636 ? ok , what is the maximum duration of trip with bike id 454 ? What is the total and maximum duration of trips with bike id 636?
Room and phone no . of id 1121 ?
Room and phone no . of id 1121 ? Provide the rooms of faculties with rank professor who live in building NEB ?
Room and phone no . of id 1121 ? Provide the rooms of faculties with rank professor who live in building NEB ? Find the rooms of faculties with rank professor who live in building NEB.
How many tweets in this table ?
How many tweets in this table ? How many user profiles in this table ?
How many tweets in this table ? How many user profiles in this table ? What is the email id of Iron Man ?
How many tweets in this table ? How many user profiles in this table ? What is the email id of Iron Man ? What is the text tweet of Iron Man ?
How many tweets in this table ? How many user profiles in this table ? What is the email id of Iron Man ? What is the text tweet of Iron Man ? Find the name of each user and number of tweets tweeted by each of them.
What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ?
What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ? What is the document type for document name Learning English ?
What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ? What is the document type for document name Learning English ? What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ?
What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ? What is the document type for document name Learning English ? What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ? List all the document name ?
What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ? What is the document type for document name Learning English ? What documents types have more than 2 corresponding documents ? List all the document name ? What document types have more than 2 corresponding documents?
Hello ! How many technicians are there in total ?
Hello ! How many technicians are there in total ? Can you show me a list of all of the technicians names the machines they are assigned to repair ? | Did you want the names of technicians and the ids of machines they are assigned to repair ? | Yes ! Can you show me their names and their machine ids that they are assigned to repair ?
Hello ! How many technicians are there in total ? Can you show me a list of all of the technicians names the machines they are assigned to repair ? | Did you want the names of technicians and the ids of machines they are assigned to repair ? | Yes ! Can you show me their names and their machine ids that they are assigned to repair ? Great ! Also add to that list the starting year and age of each technician ?
Hello ! How many technicians are there in total ? Can you show me a list of all of the technicians names the machines they are assigned to repair ? | Did you want the names of technicians and the ids of machines they are assigned to repair ? | Yes ! Can you show me their names and their machine ids that they are assigned to repair ? Great ! Also add to that list the starting year and age of each technician ? Show names of technicians and the number of machines they are assigned to repair.
Can you please tell me the names of the items that did not receive any reviews ?
Can you please tell me the names of the items that did not receive any reviews ? What are their item IDs ?
Can you please tell me the names of the items that did not receive any reviews ? What are their item IDs ? How many items did receive reviews ?
Can you please tell me the names of the items that did not receive any reviews ? What are their item IDs ? How many items did receive reviews ? What are their item ids ?
Can you please tell me the names of the items that did not receive any reviews ? What are their item IDs ? How many items did receive reviews ? What are their item ids ? What is the rating of item id 3 ?
Can you please tell me the names of the items that did not receive any reviews ? What are their item IDs ? How many items did receive reviews ? What are their item ids ? What is the rating of item id 3 ? Find the names of the items that did not receive any review.
How many customers are there
How many customers are there How many of them have a coupon amount of 500
How many customers are there How many of them have a coupon amount of 500 What is their name | First name or last name ? | What is their customer id
How many customers are there How many of them have a coupon amount of 500 What is their name | First name or last name ? | What is their customer id Are they a good or bad customer
How many customers are there How many of them have a coupon amount of 500 What is their name | First name or last name ? | What is their customer id Are they a good or bad customer Are the customers holding coupons with amount 500 bad or good?
In which country Swan River ' Perth located ?
In which country Swan River ' Perth located ? How old is Mr. Cristian Halvorson II ?
In which country Swan River ' Perth located ? How old is Mr. Cristian Halvorson II ? In which country Mina ' Zayid , Abu Dhabi located ?
In which country Swan River ' Perth located ? How old is Mr. Cristian Halvorson II ? In which country Mina ' Zayid , Abu Dhabi located ? what is the name and age of the oldest winning pilot
In which country Swan River ' Perth located ? How old is Mr. Cristian Halvorson II ? In which country Mina ' Zayid , Abu Dhabi located ? what is the name and age of the oldest winning pilot where is Flamengo Beach , Rio de Janeiro situated ? | did you want to return its country ? | where its located ?
In which country Swan River ' Perth located ? How old is Mr. Cristian Halvorson II ? In which country Mina ' Zayid , Abu Dhabi located ? what is the name and age of the oldest winning pilot where is Flamengo Beach , Rio de Janeiro situated ? | did you want to return its country ? | where its located ? what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot?
Hello , how many total documents are there ?
Hello , how many total documents are there ? Can you tell me the document type code , name , and description of the document with the name 'Noel CV ' ?
Hello , how many total documents are there ? Can you tell me the document type code , name , and description of the document with the name 'Noel CV ' ? Perfect , and can you do the same with 'King Book ' ?
Hello , how many total documents are there ? Can you tell me the document type code , name , and description of the document with the name 'Noel CV ' ? Perfect , and can you do the same with 'King Book ' ? List the document type code, document name, and document description for the document with name 'Noel CV' or name 'King Book'.
which program owners have programs in the morning and the night
which program owners have programs in the morning and the night what are the programs by Beijing television ? | Did you want the program names by the owner Beijing television ( BTV ) | yes
which program owners have programs in the morning and the night what are the programs by Beijing television ? | Did you want the program names by the owner Beijing television ( BTV ) | yes when did kaku launch ?
which program owners have programs in the morning and the night what are the programs by Beijing television ? | Did you want the program names by the owner Beijing television ( BTV ) | yes when did kaku launch ? who is Toonmax owner ? | Did you want the owner of the program named Toonmax ? | yes
which program owners have programs in the morning and the night what are the programs by Beijing television ? | Did you want the program names by the owner Beijing television ( BTV ) | yes when did kaku launch ? who is Toonmax owner ? | Did you want the owner of the program named Toonmax ? | yes find the program owners that have some programs in both morning and night time.
How many employees have the job title Manager ?
How many employees have the job title Manager ? Which employee manage most number of peoples? List employee's first and last name, and number of people report to that employee.
what 's the policy id for claim id 143 ?
what 's the policy id for claim id 143 ? What 's the most recent claim date ?
what 's the policy id for claim id 143 ? What 's the most recent claim date ? what was the amount claimed ? | On this day ? | yes
what 's the policy id for claim id 143 ? What 's the most recent claim date ? what was the amount claimed ? | On this day ? | yes How many settlements were made on the claim with the most recent claim settlement date? List the number and the claim id.
How many captains does third-rate ship of the line have ?
How many captains does third-rate ship of the line have ? Which classes have more than two captains?
Can you show me the club names and ids ?
Can you show me the club names and ids ? Hmm , I want to know the player ids , names and their club ids .
Can you show me the club names and ids ? Hmm , I want to know the player ids , names and their club ids . Please list the names of those clubs that do not have any players .
Can you show me the club names and ids ? Hmm , I want to know the player ids , names and their club ids . Please list the names of those clubs that do not have any players . List the names of clubs that do not have any players.
Tell me Regional Population and GDP for City ID 2 ?
Tell me Regional Population and GDP for City ID 2 ? Tell me temperature for City ID 2 for Jan , Apr and Oct
Tell me Regional Population and GDP for City ID 2 ? Tell me temperature for City ID 2 for Jan , Apr and Oct high value of temperature ... | I mean how high is high ? You can say temperature higher than a certain number . | Higher than 21
Tell me Regional Population and GDP for City ID 2 ? Tell me temperature for City ID 2 for Jan , Apr and Oct high value of temperature ... | I mean how high is high ? You can say temperature higher than a certain number . | Higher than 21 Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities ?
Tell me Regional Population and GDP for City ID 2 ? Tell me temperature for City ID 2 for Jan , Apr and Oct high value of temperature ... | I mean how high is high ? You can say temperature higher than a certain number . | Higher than 21 Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities ? Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities?
Hi there ! Can you tell me which three cities have the highest regional populations , and list the population totals too ?
Hi there ! Can you tell me which three cities have the highest regional populations , and list the population totals too ? Great ! And what is the average GDP among all of the cities ?
Hi there ! Can you tell me which three cities have the highest regional populations , and list the population totals too ? Great ! And what is the average GDP among all of the cities ? Which three cities have the largest regional population?
What is the average amount of transaction ?
What is the average amount of transaction ? What are ids of all transactions with amount greater than the average ?
What is the average amount of transaction ? What are ids of all transactions with amount greater than the average ? And what are their transaction dates ?
What is the average amount of transaction ? What are ids of all transactions with amount greater than the average ? And what are their transaction dates ? Show ids for all transactions whose amounts are greater than the average.
Can you show me the most expensive wine made in the year 2006 ?
Can you show me the most expensive wine made in the year 2006 ? Great , can you show me all wines that have a higher price than the one currently in the table ?
Can you show me the most expensive wine made in the year 2006 ? Great , can you show me all wines that have a higher price than the one currently in the table ? Can you show only the name ?
Can you show me the most expensive wine made in the year 2006 ? Great , can you show me all wines that have a higher price than the one currently in the table ? Can you show only the name ? What are the names of wines that are more expensive then all wines made in the year 2006?
yes | Here are all the candidates ' ids who got assessed . | which of those most recently had an assessment ?
yes | Here are all the candidates ' ids who got assessed . | which of those most recently had an assessment ? Find id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course?
In the rock genre , how many tracks are there ?
In the rock genre , how many tracks are there ? What about jazz ?
In the rock genre , how many tracks are there ? What about jazz ? Can you list the composer who wrote the most rock genre songs ?
In the rock genre , how many tracks are there ? What about jazz ? Can you list the composer who wrote the most rock genre songs ? Can you list all composers who wrote tracks with the letter B in their name ?
In the rock genre , how many tracks are there ? What about jazz ? Can you list the composer who wrote the most rock genre songs ? Can you list all composers who wrote tracks with the letter B in their name ? How many tracks belong to rock genre?
Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English .
Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English . what is the total number of songs ?
Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English . what is the total number of songs ? Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English.
list all the game type
list all the game type list the name of a shooting game . | Do you mean `` First-person shooter '' games ? | yes i mean `` first-person shooter '' game ?
list all the game type list the name of a shooting game . | Do you mean `` First-person shooter '' games ? | yes i mean `` first-person shooter '' game ? which game type has least number of games ?
list all the game type list the name of a shooting game . | Do you mean `` First-person shooter '' games ? | yes i mean `` first-person shooter '' game ? which game type has least number of games ? Which game type has most number of games ?
list all the game type list the name of a shooting game . | Do you mean `` First-person shooter '' games ? | yes i mean `` first-person shooter '' game ? which game type has least number of games ? Which game type has most number of games ? Which game type has most number of games?
Can you please show me the average damage for all storms ?
Can you please show me the average damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the maximum damage for all storms ?
Can you please show me the average damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the maximum damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the minimum damage for all storms ?
Can you please show me the average damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the maximum damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the minimum damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the minimum damage for all storms with maximum speed higher than 1000 ?
Can you please show me the average damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the maximum damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the minimum damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the minimum damage for all storms with maximum speed higher than 1000 ? Can you please show me the maximum damage for all storms with maximum speed higher than 1000 ?
Can you please show me the average damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the maximum damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the minimum damage for all storms ? Can you please show me the minimum damage for all storms with maximum speed higher than 1000 ? Can you please show me the maximum damage for all storms with maximum speed higher than 1000 ? Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000.
how many region are presented on the table
how many region are presented on the table list out the region name
how many region are presented on the table list out the region name what is the region code of Afghanistan
how many region are presented on the table list out the region name what is the region code of Afghanistan what is the highest number city affected
how many region are presented on the table list out the region name what is the region code of Afghanistan what is the highest number city affected Show the region name with at least two storms.
hi , can you list me the user name and the password of the most popular role user ?
hi , can you list me the user name and the password of the most popular role user ? great , how many popular role users are ?
hi , can you list me the user name and the password of the most popular role user ? great , how many popular role users are ? Can you list me all the username of users with the most popular role ?
hi , can you list me the user name and the password of the most popular role user ? great , how many popular role users are ? Can you list me all the username of users with the most popular role ? Ok , show me the username of an unpopular user .
hi , can you list me the user name and the password of the most popular role user ? great , how many popular role users are ? Can you list me all the username of users with the most popular role ? Ok , show me the username of an unpopular user . List all the username and passwords of users with the most popular role.
please list out the campus | which column do you want to list ? | first column
please list out the campus | which column do you want to list ? | first column what is the highest campus fees
please list out the campus | which column do you want to list ? | first column what is the highest campus fees what is the year of California State University-Bakersfield
please list out the campus | which column do you want to list ? | first column what is the highest campus fees what is the year of California State University-Bakersfield What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 2000?
Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid more than the rooms ' base prices ?
Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid more than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the rates they paid to the table please ? | Sorry , did you mean the base price of the room ? | The reservation rate , please
Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid more than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the rates they paid to the table please ? | Sorry , did you mean the base price of the room ? | The reservation rate , please Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid less than the rooms ' base prices ?
Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid more than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the rates they paid to the table please ? | Sorry , did you mean the base price of the room ? | The reservation rate , please Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid less than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the reservation rates they paid to the table ?
Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid more than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the rates they paid to the table please ? | Sorry , did you mean the base price of the room ? | The reservation rate , please Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid less than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the reservation rates they paid to the table ? What is the name of the room that was booked most often ?
Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid more than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the rates they paid to the table please ? | Sorry , did you mean the base price of the room ? | The reservation rate , please Can you find the first and last names of all people who paid less than the rooms ' base prices ? Could you add in the reservation rates they paid to the table ? What is the name of the room that was booked most often ? Find the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms' base prices.
create a table with a column for department id and a column for department name
create a table with a column for department id and a column for department name Show the total number of employee ids for each department id
create a table with a column for department id and a column for department name Show the total number of employee ids for each department id Add a column with department name
create a table with a column for department id and a column for department name Show the total number of employee ids for each department id Add a column with department name display the department name and number of employees in each of the department.
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the customer IDs and the corresponding customer names ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the customer IDs and the corresponding customer names ? Thanks ! Can you filter this list to show only the rows for customers who have an address in the state of TN ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the customer IDs and the corresponding customer names ? Thanks ! Can you filter this list to show only the rows for customers who have an address in the state of TN ? Great ! Can you provide me with the customer addresses for those two customers ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the customer IDs and the corresponding customer names ? Thanks ! Can you filter this list to show only the rows for customers who have an address in the state of TN ? Great ! Can you provide me with the customer addresses for those two customers ? What are the names and ids of customers whose address contains TN?
What are the publication dates in the list ?
What are the publication dates in the list ? Can you sort the list by publication date from most common to least common ?
What are the publication dates in the list ? Can you sort the list by publication date from most common to least common ? What is the most common publication date ?
What are the publication dates in the list ? Can you sort the list by publication date from most common to least common ? What is the most common publication date ? Please show the most common publication date.
How many films are there ?
How many films are there ? What is the range of dates they were made ?
How many films are there ? What is the range of dates they were made ? What is the range of rental cost for the films ?
How many films are there ? What is the range of dates they were made ? What is the range of rental cost for the films ? Which film has the most actors and actresses ? | What attributes of the film that has the most actors and actresses would you like to know ? | film name ?
How many films are there ? What is the range of dates they were made ? What is the range of rental cost for the films ? Which film has the most actors and actresses ? | What attributes of the film that has the most actors and actresses would you like to know ? | film name ? film id ?
How many films are there ? What is the range of dates they were made ? What is the range of rental cost for the films ? Which film has the most actors and actresses ? | What attributes of the film that has the most actors and actresses would you like to know ? | film name ? film id ? film description ?
How many films are there ? What is the range of dates they were made ? What is the range of rental cost for the films ? Which film has the most actors and actresses ? | What attributes of the film that has the most actors and actresses would you like to know ? | film name ? film id ? film description ? Which film has the most number of actors or actresses? List the film name, film id and description.
how many members are from united states or canada
how many members are from united states or canada can you list the name of these 10 members
how many members are from united states or canada can you list the name of these 10 members arrange the names in ascending order
how many members are from united states or canada can you list the name of these 10 members arrange the names in ascending order Show the names of members whose country is "United States" or "Canada".
how many rooms are available in the apartment with short name columbus square
how many rooms are available in the apartment with short name columbus square how many bathrooms are there in these 2 rooms | Did you mean the number of bathrooms in the apartment with id is 2 ? | yes , thanks
how many rooms are available in the apartment with short name columbus square how many bathrooms are there in these 2 rooms | Did you mean the number of bathrooms in the apartment with id is 2 ? | yes , thanks Show the total number of rooms of the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square".
What kind of payment methods are there ? | Do you mean the number of payment kinds ? | yes
What kind of payment methods are there ? | Do you mean the number of payment kinds ? | yes And can you show me how many customers there are ?
What kind of payment methods are there ? | Do you mean the number of payment kinds ? | yes And can you show me how many customers there are ? Can you show me the name of the customer who purchased the least quantity of items ?
What kind of payment methods are there ? | Do you mean the number of payment kinds ? | yes And can you show me how many customers there are ? Can you show me the name of the customer who purchased the least quantity of items ? What payment method did that customer use ?
What kind of payment methods are there ? | Do you mean the number of payment kinds ? | yes And can you show me how many customers there are ? Can you show me the name of the customer who purchased the least quantity of items ? What payment method did that customer use ? How many items did that customer buy ?
What kind of payment methods are there ? | Do you mean the number of payment kinds ? | yes And can you show me how many customers there are ? Can you show me the name of the customer who purchased the least quantity of items ? What payment method did that customer use ? How many items did that customer buy ? What is the payment method of the customer that has purchased the least quantity of items?
Which customer bought the most items ? | Do you want the name of the customer ? | That would be lovely .
Which customer bought the most items ? | Do you want the name of the customer ? | That would be lovely . How many did he purchase ?
Which customer bought the most items ? | Do you want the name of the customer ? | That would be lovely . How many did he purchase ? How did he pay ?
Which customer bought the most items ? | Do you want the name of the customer ? | That would be lovely . How many did he purchase ? How did he pay ? When did he become a customer ?
Which customer bought the most items ? | Do you want the name of the customer ? | That would be lovely . How many did he purchase ? How did he pay ? When did he become a customer ? How many became customers before that ?
Which customer bought the most items ? | Do you want the name of the customer ? | That would be lovely . How many did he purchase ? How did he pay ? When did he become a customer ? How many became customers before that ? What is the name of the customer that has purchased the most items?
What are the first names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ?
What are the first names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ? What are the last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ?
What are the first names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ? What are the last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ? What are the ages of the students with the last name Lee ?
What are the first names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ? What are the last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ? What are the ages of the students with the last name Lee ? What are the student ids of the students with the last name Smith ?
What are the first names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ? What are the last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140 ? What are the ages of the students with the last name Lee ? What are the student ids of the students with the last name Smith ? What are the first names and last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140.
Can you Please list all departments ?
Can you Please list all departments ? Thank You . Can you provide the department code for each of these ?
Can you Please list all departments ? Thank You . Can you provide the department code for each of these ? Thank you . Can you provide the names of students taking classes in CIS ?
Can you Please list all departments ? Thank You . Can you provide the department code for each of these ? Thank you . Can you provide the names of students taking classes in CIS ? Just the First name ?
Can you Please list all departments ? Thank You . Can you provide the department code for each of these ? Thank you . Can you provide the names of students taking classes in CIS ? Just the First name ? Which one of these students also has a class in ACCT ?
Can you Please list all departments ? Thank You . Can you provide the department code for each of these ? Thank you . Can you provide the names of students taking classes in CIS ? Just the First name ? Which one of these students also has a class in ACCT ? Find the first name of student who is taking classes from accounting and Computer Info. Systems departments
Show me the names | Do you mean the name of all the person ? | name of all the persons
Show me the names | Do you mean the name of all the person ? | name of all the persons show me the name of persons | The names of persons are Alice , Bob , Dan and Zach | Who has a friend from New York ?
Show me the names | Do you mean the name of all the person ? | name of all the persons show me the name of persons | The names of persons are Alice , Bob , Dan and Zach | Who has a friend from New York ? Who has a friend that is from new york city?
Which team had the most players in the all star games ?
Which team had the most players in the all star games ? WHich player has the most all star games played ?
Which team had the most players in the all star games ? WHich player has the most all star games played ? What is his id ?
Which team had the most players in the all star games ? WHich player has the most all star games played ? What is his id ? What are the first name, last name and id of the player with the most all star game experiences? Also list the count.
How many amenities are offered in all dorms ?
How many amenities are offered in all dorms ? Could you tell me the names of these amenities ?
How many amenities are offered in all dorms ? Could you tell me the names of these amenities ? What is the name of the most common amenity in all dorms ?
How many amenities are offered in all dorms ? Could you tell me the names of these amenities ? What is the name of the most common amenity in all dorms ? Find the name of amenity that is most common in all dorms.
can you show me average of the distances ?
can you show me average of the distances ? which one is the longest distance ?
can you show me average of the distances ? which one is the longest distance ? what is the highest price ?
can you show me average of the distances ? which one is the longest distance ? what is the highest price ? Show the flight number of flights with three lowest distances.
Details of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean the staff gender and staff name of staff id 1 ? | yes
Details of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean the staff gender and staff name of staff id 1 ? | yes Give the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period ?
Details of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean the staff gender and staff name of staff id 1 ? | yes Give the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period ? job title code for staff id ? | Do you mean all the job title codes for all the staff ids ? | yes
Details of staff id 1 ? | Do you mean the staff gender and staff name of staff id 1 ? | yes Give the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period ? job title code for staff id ? | Do you mean all the job title codes for all the staff ids ? | yes Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period.
What is the title of AC/DC 's albums ?
What is the title of AC/DC 's albums ? Find the title of all the albums of the artist "AC/DC".
How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2000 ?
How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2000 ? What about for campus id 5 ?
How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2000 ? What about for campus id 5 ? What is the name of that campus ?
How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2000 ? What about for campus id 5 ? What is the name of that campus ? What is the name of campus with id 19 ?
How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2000 ? What about for campus id 5 ? What is the name of that campus ? What is the name of campus with id 19 ? How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2001 ?
How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2000 ? What about for campus id 5 ? What is the name of that campus ? What is the name of campus with id 19 ? How many degrees did `` San Jose State University '' confer in 2001 ? How many degrees were conferred in "San Jose State University" in 2000?
Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900 .
Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900 . What is a login name of Dee A Larkin ?
Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900 . What is a login name of Dee A Larkin ? Final question is How many customers in the table ?
Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900 . What is a login name of Dee A Larkin ? Final question is How many customers in the table ? Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900.
Who are the students that have more than one advisor ?
Who are the students that have more than one advisor ? How many students have more than one credit ?
Who are the students that have more than one advisor ? How many students have more than one credit ? How many students have more than 115 credits ?
Who are the students that have more than one advisor ? How many students have more than one credit ? How many students have more than 115 credits ? Find the name of the students who have more than one advisor?
show the different type of artworks ?
show the different type of artworks ? Show the most common type of artworks ?
show the different type of artworks ? Show the most common type of artworks ? Show the type of artwork Loving you ?
show the different type of artworks ? Show the most common type of artworks ? Show the type of artwork Loving you ? List the most common type of artworks.
how many distinct names of the products have characteristc name warm ?
how many distinct names of the products have characteristc name warm ? Which distinct name is that ?
how many distinct names of the products have characteristc name warm ? Which distinct name is that ? What is the name of a spice with buying price of 352447.2874677 ?
how many distinct names of the products have characteristc name warm ? Which distinct name is that ? What is the name of a spice with buying price of 352447.2874677 ? What is its color code ?
how many distinct names of the products have characteristc name warm ? Which distinct name is that ? What is the name of a spice with buying price of 352447.2874677 ? What is its color code ? List the all the distinct names of the products with the characteristic name 'warm'.
Can you show the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count ?
Can you show the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count ? Hmm , I want to know the dates of transactions with amount bigger than 100 please .
Can you show the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count ? Hmm , I want to know the dates of transactions with amount bigger than 100 please . Can you list the dates of transactions for all of them ?
Can you show the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count ? Hmm , I want to know the dates of transactions with amount bigger than 100 please . Can you list the dates of transactions for all of them ? What are the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count or amount bigger than 100?
how many documents are there ?
how many documents are there ? What 's the least amount of draft copies that a document has ?
how many documents are there ? What 's the least amount of draft copies that a document has ? What 's the most amount of draft copies that a document has ?
how many documents are there ? What 's the least amount of draft copies that a document has ? What 's the most amount of draft copies that a document has ? what 's the id of the document that has the most draft copies ?
how many documents are there ? What 's the least amount of draft copies that a document has ? What 's the most amount of draft copies that a document has ? what 's the id of the document that has the most draft copies ? how many draft copies does that document have ?
how many documents are there ? What 's the least amount of draft copies that a document has ? What 's the most amount of draft copies that a document has ? what 's the id of the document that has the most draft copies ? how many draft copies does that document have ? Which document has the most draft copies? List its document id and number of draft copies.
how many address are presented on the table
how many address are presented on the table list out the staff first name on the table
how many address are presented on the table list out the staff first name on the table what is the city of Janessa
how many address are presented on the table list out the staff first name on the table what is the city of Janessa exactly
how many address are presented on the table list out the staff first name on the table what is the city of Janessa exactly Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
Can you show me the names of the people who were on the affirmative side of debates with an audience bigger than 200 ?
Can you show me the names of the people who were on the affirmative side of debates with an audience bigger than 200 ? Of those three , who is the oldest ?
Can you show me the names of the people who were on the affirmative side of debates with an audience bigger than 200 ? Of those three , who is the oldest ? What party affiliation does James Humphrey hold ?
Can you show me the names of the people who were on the affirmative side of debates with an audience bigger than 200 ? Of those three , who is the oldest ? What party affiliation does James Humphrey hold ? What district does James Humphrey represent ?
Can you show me the names of the people who were on the affirmative side of debates with an audience bigger than 200 ? Of those three , who is the oldest ? What party affiliation does James Humphrey hold ? What district does James Humphrey represent ? Show the names of people that are on affirmative side of debates with number of audience bigger than 200.
Find the id of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment .
Find the id of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment . Can I have the customer 's name please ?
Find the id of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment . Can I have the customer 's name please ? Please find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and use credit card for payment .
Find the id of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment . Can I have the customer 's name please ? Please find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and use credit card for payment . Hmm . Can you please give me his email address and phone ?
Find the id of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment . Can I have the customer 's name please ? Please find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and use credit card for payment . Hmm . Can you please give me his email address and phone ? Find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment.
Show the theme for exhibitions with records of an attendance below 100
Show the theme for exhibitions with records of an attendance below 100 Show the theme for exhibitions with records of an attendance above 500
Show the theme for exhibitions with records of an attendance below 100 Show the theme for exhibitions with records of an attendance above 500 Show me the dates of those exhibitions
Show the theme for exhibitions with records of an attendance below 100 Show the theme for exhibitions with records of an attendance above 500 Show me the dates of those exhibitions Show the theme for exhibitions with both records of an attendance below 100 and above 500.
What are the building short name of building id 133 ?
What are the building short name of building id 133 ? Who is building manager of Mercedes House ?
What are the building short name of building id 133 ? Who is building manager of Mercedes House ? Find the building address of building manager Melyssa .
What are the building short name of building id 133 ? Who is building manager of Mercedes House ? Find the building address of building manager Melyssa . What are the building full names that contain the word `` court '' ?
What are the building short name of building id 133 ? Who is building manager of Mercedes House ? Find the building address of building manager Melyssa . What are the building full names that contain the word `` court '' ? What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
What is the most common occupation of players ?
What is the most common occupation of players ? What about least common ?
What is the most common occupation of players ? What about least common ? What are their names ? | did you mean the names of the players who have the least common occupation ? | yes
What is the most common occupation of players ? What about least common ? What are their names ? | did you mean the names of the players who have the least common occupation ? | yes What about most common ?
What is the most common occupation of players ? What about least common ? What are their names ? | did you mean the names of the players who have the least common occupation ? | yes What about most common ? What is his sponsor name ?
What is the most common occupation of players ? What about least common ? What are their names ? | did you mean the names of the players who have the least common occupation ? | yes What about most common ? What is his sponsor name ? Please show the most common occupation of players.
Can you show me the policy ids , customer ids and policy type codes of all policies ?
Can you show me the policy ids , customer ids and policy type codes of all policies ? Can you list the policy type codes of all the policies used ?
Can you show me the policy ids , customer ids and policy type codes of all policies ? Can you list the policy type codes of all the policies used ? Which type of policy is most frequently used ? Can you give me the policy type code ?
Can you show me the policy ids , customer ids and policy type codes of all policies ? Can you list the policy type codes of all the policies used ? Which type of policy is most frequently used ? Can you give me the policy type code ? Which type of policy is most frequently used? Give me the policy type code.
Hello . What universities are in San Francisco ? | Would you like to know the names of all campuses located in San Francisco ? | That would be great !
Hello . What universities are in San Francisco ? | Would you like to know the names of all campuses located in San Francisco ? | That would be great ! Okay . What was the fee of San Francisco State University in 1996 ?
Hello . What universities are in San Francisco ? | Would you like to know the names of all campuses located in San Francisco ? | That would be great ! Okay . What was the fee of San Francisco State University in 1996 ? And which campus had a fee of 2258 in 1996 ?
Hello . What universities are in San Francisco ? | Would you like to know the names of all campuses located in San Francisco ? | That would be great ! Okay . What was the fee of San Francisco State University in 1996 ? And which campus had a fee of 2258 in 1996 ? Interesting ! What county is that in ?
Hello . What universities are in San Francisco ? | Would you like to know the names of all campuses located in San Francisco ? | That would be great ! Okay . What was the fee of San Francisco State University in 1996 ? And which campus had a fee of 2258 in 1996 ? Interesting ! What county is that in ? And what county is San Francisco State University in ?
Hello . What universities are in San Francisco ? | Would you like to know the names of all campuses located in San Francisco ? | That would be great ! Okay . What was the fee of San Francisco State University in 1996 ? And which campus had a fee of 2258 in 1996 ? Interesting ! What county is that in ? And what county is San Francisco State University in ? What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 1996?
What are the number of products that had problems ?
What are the number of products that had problems ? Could you please list their product ids ?
What are the number of products that had problems ? Could you please list their product ids ? What are the number of problems each of these had ?
What are the number of products that had problems ? Could you please list their product ids ? What are the number of problems each of these had ? For each product which has problems, what are the number of problems and the product id?
list the location that was share by more than two wrestler
list the location that was share by more than two wrestler which of them has the highest days held
list the location that was share by more than two wrestler which of them has the highest days held what are the name of the wrestler | Would you like to know the names of all wrestlers with location Tokyo , Japan ? | yes
list the location that was share by more than two wrestler which of them has the highest days held what are the name of the wrestler | Would you like to know the names of all wrestlers with location Tokyo , Japan ? | yes List the locations that are shared by more than two wrestlers.
What is the name of the document on project `` Graph Database project '' ?
What is the name of the document on project `` Graph Database project '' ? What are the document dates ?
What is the name of the document on project `` Graph Database project '' ? What are the document dates ? What is their description ?
What is the name of the document on project `` Graph Database project '' ? What are the document dates ? What is their description ? Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project'.
Can I please have a list of architects who have built at least two bridges , or at least one mill ? | What attributes of the architects do you want ? | Can you please tell me the names and the ids of the architects who have built two bridges ?
Can I please have a list of architects who have built at least two bridges , or at least one mill ? | What attributes of the architects do you want ? | Can you please tell me the names and the ids of the architects who have built two bridges ? Great . Would you please list the ids , names and genders of architects have built one mill ?
Can I please have a list of architects who have built at least two bridges , or at least one mill ? | What attributes of the architects do you want ? | Can you please tell me the names and the ids of the architects who have built two bridges ? Great . Would you please list the ids , names and genders of architects have built one mill ? What are the ids, names and genders of the architects who built two bridges or one mill?
Good morning , could you please let me know the IDs of the stations those are located in San Francisco ?
Good morning , could you please let me know the IDs of the stations those are located in San Francisco ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please let me know which of these stations has more than 10 bikes available ?
Good morning , could you please let me know the IDs of the stations those are located in San Francisco ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please let me know which of these stations has more than 10 bikes available ? That was fast , thank you again : ) Could you please let me know which station is located in the highest latitude ?
Good morning , could you please let me know the IDs of the stations those are located in San Francisco ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please let me know which of these stations has more than 10 bikes available ? That was fast , thank you again : ) Could you please let me know which station is located in the highest latitude ? Awesome , then could you please let me know the installation date of the station ?
Good morning , could you please let me know the IDs of the stations those are located in San Francisco ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please let me know which of these stations has more than 10 bikes available ? That was fast , thank you again : ) Could you please let me know which station is located in the highest latitude ? Awesome , then could you please let me know the installation date of the station ? Wow that 's a lot . Thank you again , this will be my last question : ) Could you please let me know the ID of the station which has the biggest number of docks available among these 61 stations ?
Good morning , could you please let me know the IDs of the stations those are located in San Francisco ? That 's a big list , thank you . Then could you please let me know which of these stations has more than 10 bikes available ? That was fast , thank you again : ) Could you please let me know which station is located in the highest latitude ? Awesome , then could you please let me know the installation date of the station ? Wow that 's a lot . Thank you again , this will be my last question : ) Could you please let me know the ID of the station which has the biggest number of docks available among these 61 stations ? What are the ids of stations that are located in San Francisco and have average bike availability above 10.
show student ids who are female and play football
show student ids who are female and play football what is the name of the student with the id 1002 | Would you like first name and last name of the student with student id 1002 ? | yes
show student ids who are female and play football what is the name of the student with the id 1002 | Would you like first name and last name of the student with student id 1002 ? | yes what is the first name and last name of the student with the student id 1003
show student ids who are female and play football what is the name of the student with the id 1002 | Would you like first name and last name of the student with student id 1002 ? | yes what is the first name and last name of the student with the student id 1003 Show student ids who are female and play football.
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ?
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ? okay , can you show me all the names of dorm with male only students ?
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ? okay , can you show me all the names of dorm with male only students ? what about the name of the dorms that are both male and female ?
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ? okay , can you show me all the names of dorm with male only students ? what about the name of the dorms that are both male and female ? show me the name of dorms that are no gender specific ?
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ? okay , can you show me all the names of dorm with male only students ? what about the name of the dorms that are both male and female ? show me the name of dorms that are no gender specific ? Show me all dorm names
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ? okay , can you show me all the names of dorm with male only students ? what about the name of the dorms that are both male and female ? show me the name of dorms that are no gender specific ? Show me all dorm names Can you tell me which one of them do not have TV Lounge ?
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ? okay , can you show me all the names of dorm with male only students ? what about the name of the dorms that are both male and female ? show me the name of dorms that are no gender specific ? Show me all dorm names Can you tell me which one of them do not have TV Lounge ? and which one DO have TV Lounge ?
Can you show me the dorms with female only students ? okay , can you show me all the names of dorm with male only students ? what about the name of the dorms that are both male and female ? show me the name of dorms that are no gender specific ? Show me all dorm names Can you tell me which one of them do not have TV Lounge ? and which one DO have TV Lounge ? Find the name of dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
how many Invoices there
how many Invoices there how many orders there
how many Invoices there how many orders there what is the customer id of order id 3
how many Invoices there how many orders there what is the customer id of order id 3 What is the order id and order details for the order more than two invoices.
Find the destination of the airport least number of routes in china ?
Find the destination of the airport least number of routes in china ? how many airports in the list ?
Find the destination of the airport least number of routes in china ? how many airports in the list ? find the country in the list ? | What do you mean ? | how many country in the list ?
Find the destination of the airport least number of routes in china ? how many airports in the list ? find the country in the list ? | What do you mean ? | how many country in the list ? Find the busiest destination airport that runs most number of routes in China.
Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in year 2010
Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in year 2010 Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in year 2011
Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in year 2010 Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in year 2011 How many locations where cinemas were opened in both year 2010 and 2011 ?
Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in year 2010 Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in year 2011 How many locations where cinemas were opened in both year 2010 and 2011 ? Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in both year 2010 and year 2011.
Which was the most recently opened track ?
Which was the most recently opened track ? What is the seating capacity for Chicagoland Speedway ?
Which was the most recently opened track ? What is the seating capacity for Chicagoland Speedway ? What is the location of the Chicagoland Speedway tract ?
Which was the most recently opened track ? What is the seating capacity for Chicagoland Speedway ? What is the location of the Chicagoland Speedway tract ? What is the name, location and seating for the most recently opened track?
Which cities have populations larger than 1000 ? List their ids .
Which cities have populations larger than 1000 ? List their ids . What is the theme for these cities ? | The themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000 are Carnival M is back ! , Codehunters , and MTV Asia Aid | Which cities have populations less than 1000 ? List their ids .
Which cities have populations larger than 1000 ? List their ids . What is the theme for these cities ? | The themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000 are Carnival M is back ! , Codehunters , and MTV Asia Aid | Which cities have populations less than 1000 ? List their ids . Please show the themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000.
how many accelerators are there ?
how many accelerators are there ? what accelerators are not compatible with the browsers ?
how many accelerators are there ? what accelerators are not compatible with the browsers ? can you tell me how many accelerators are not compatible ?
how many accelerators are there ? what accelerators are not compatible with the browsers ? can you tell me how many accelerators are not compatible ? How many accelerators are not compatible with the browsers listed ?
How many products have a price higher than the average ?
How many products have a price higher than the average ? Can you give me the product names for these ?
How many products have a price higher than the average ? Can you give me the product names for these ? And how many products have a price lower than the average ?
How many products have a price higher than the average ? Can you give me the product names for these ? And how many products have a price lower than the average ? May I have their product names please ?
How many products have a price higher than the average ? Can you give me the product names for these ? And how many products have a price lower than the average ? May I have their product names please ? How many products have a price higher than the average?
Can you show me how many documents there are in total ?
Can you show me how many documents there are in total ? What 's the name of the document that was accessed the least amount of times ?
Can you show me how many documents there are in total ? What 's the name of the document that was accessed the least amount of times ? How about the name of the document that was accessed the most amount of times ?
Can you show me how many documents there are in total ? What 's the name of the document that was accessed the least amount of times ? How about the name of the document that was accessed the most amount of times ? How many times has that document been accessed ?
Can you show me how many documents there are in total ? What 's the name of the document that was accessed the least amount of times ? How about the name of the document that was accessed the most amount of times ? How many times has that document been accessed ? What type of document is that ?
Can you show me how many documents there are in total ? What 's the name of the document that was accessed the least amount of times ? How about the name of the document that was accessed the most amount of times ? How many times has that document been accessed ? What type of document is that ? Find the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times, as well as the count of how many times it has been accessed?
How many flights have an origin of Los Angeles ?
How many flights have an origin of Los Angeles ? How many of those are going to Honolulu ?
How many flights have an origin of Los Angeles ? How many of those are going to Honolulu ? What is their departure date and arrival date ?
How many flights have an origin of Los Angeles ? How many of those are going to Honolulu ? What is their departure date and arrival date ? Show me the departure date and arrival date for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating ?
What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating ? What year did the sound of music come out and who was the director ? | Do you mean the year of the movie whose title is The Sound of Music came out and the director of it ? | yes
What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating ? What year did the sound of music come out and who was the director ? | Do you mean the year of the movie whose title is The Sound of Music came out and the director of it ? | yes What movie title has the highest rating ? | Do you mean the title of the movie with the highest stars ? | Yes
What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating ? What year did the sound of music come out and who was the director ? | Do you mean the year of the movie whose title is The Sound of Music came out and the director of it ? | yes What movie title has the highest rating ? | Do you mean the title of the movie with the highest stars ? | Yes What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating?
tell me the name of head id 1
tell me the name of head id 1 Tell me the born state and age for head id 3
tell me the name of head id 1 Tell me the born state and age for head id 3 Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name .
tell me the name of head id 1 Tell me the born state and age for head id 3 Which head 's name has the substring 'Ha ' ? List the id and name . Which head's name has the substring 'Ha'? List the id and name.
Which studio has the highest gross ?
Which studio has the highest gross ? How many studios have average gross higher than 4500000
Which studio has the highest gross ? How many studios have average gross higher than 4500000 List them please
Which studio has the highest gross ? How many studios have average gross higher than 4500000 List them please List the studios which average gross is above 4500000.
How many mountains in this table ?
How many mountains in this table ? Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country `` West Germany '' .
How many mountains in this table ? Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country `` West Germany '' . Please show me the name of the highest mountain .
How many mountains in this table ? Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country `` West Germany '' . Please show me the name of the highest mountain . Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country "West Germany".
What are the names of each district ?
What are the names of each district ? What are the total population of the districts whose area is larger than the average city area ?
What are the names of each district ? What are the total population of the districts whose area is larger than the average city area ? Find the total population of the districts where the area is bigger than the average city area.
How many drivers are there ?
How many drivers are there ? What is the average age of your drivers ?
How many drivers are there ? What is the average age of your drivers ? Show the home city with the most number of drivers.
Can you list the themes of the parties with the names of the party hosts ?
Can you list the themes of the parties with the names of the party hosts ? What are the nationalities of the party hosts ?
Can you list the themes of the parties with the names of the party hosts ? What are the nationalities of the party hosts ? Who was the host of the earliest party listed ? | The host of the earliest party listed is the host with id 7 . | What was their name ?
Can you list the themes of the parties with the names of the party hosts ? What are the nationalities of the party hosts ? Who was the host of the earliest party listed ? | The host of the earliest party listed is the host with id 7 . | What was their name ? Show the themes of parties and the names of the party hosts.
* I have left the chat *
* I have left the chat * How many product quantity does order item 1 have ?
* I have left the chat * How many product quantity does order item 1 have ? What is the product type code of order item 1 ?
* I have left the chat * How many product quantity does order item 1 have ? What is the product type code of order item 1 ? How many products were not included in any order?
WHO IS THE HON TONY ABBOTT | did you mean the Member ID of HON TONY ABBOTT | YES EXACTLY
WHO IS THE HON TONY ABBOTT | did you mean the Member ID of HON TONY ABBOTT | YES EXACTLY WHAT IS THE NAME OF PARTY WITH MOST NUMBER OF MEMBERS
WHO IS THE HON TONY ABBOTT | did you mean the Member ID of HON TONY ABBOTT | YES EXACTLY WHAT IS THE NAME OF PARTY WITH MOST NUMBER OF MEMBERS What is the name of party with most number of members?
What is the latest test completion date ?
What is the latest test completion date ? How many students have taken tests ?
What is the latest test completion date ? How many students have taken tests ? How many students failed tests ?
What is the latest test completion date ? How many students have taken tests ? How many students failed tests ? When did these failures occur ?
What is the latest test completion date ? How many students have taken tests ? How many students failed tests ? When did these failures occur ? What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result "Fail"?
what are the shops ? | Do you want the names of all the shops ? | yes
what are the shops ? | Do you want the names of all the shops ? | yes now show me the shop which have devices in stock
what are the shops ? | Do you want the names of all the shops ? | yes now show me the shop which have devices in stock now show me the shops that have more than one device in stock
what are the shops ? | Do you want the names of all the shops ? | yes now show me the shop which have devices in stock now show me the shops that have more than one device in stock Show names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock.
can you show me a list of product description ?
can you show me a list of product description ? what are the start date and end of date of the booking that has booked the product named 'book collection A ' ?
can you show me a list of product description ? what are the start date and end of date of the booking that has booked the product named 'book collection A ' ? what is the average of booked amount ?
can you show me a list of product description ? what are the start date and end of date of the booking that has booked the product named 'book collection A ' ? what is the average of booked amount ? What are the start date and end date of the booking that has booked the product named 'Book collection A'?
What is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players ?
What is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players ? And how many players go there ?
What is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players ? And how many players go there ? And where is that college located ?
What is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players ? And how many players go there ? And where is that college located ? And what year did the largest number of baseball players attend that college ?
What is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players ? And how many players go there ? And where is that college located ? And what year did the largest number of baseball players attend that college ? How many baseball players attended that college in 2018 ?
What is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players ? And how many players go there ? And where is that college located ? And what year did the largest number of baseball players attend that college ? How many baseball players attended that college in 2018 ? what is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players?
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product .
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product . Please show me unit price of books ?
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product . Please show me unit price of books ? Please give me Placed order date of customer id 12 ?
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product . Please show me unit price of books ? Please give me Placed order date of customer id 12 ? Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product.
how many courses have prerequisite ?
how many courses have prerequisite ? how many courses are there ?
how many courses have prerequisite ? how many courses are there ? How many courses that do not have prerequisite ?
how many courses have prerequisite ? how many courses are there ? How many courses that do not have prerequisite ? How many courses that do not have prerequisite?
How many airports has pilot Thompson driven an aircraft ?
How many airports has pilot Thompson driven an aircraft ? How many airports had Thompson driven by August 1963 ?
How many airports has pilot Thompson driven an aircraft ? How many airports had Thompson driven by August 1963 ? What is the flight number of the aircraft Thompson drove in March 1 , 1963
How many airports has pilot Thompson driven an aircraft ? How many airports had Thompson driven by August 1963 ? What is the flight number of the aircraft Thompson drove in March 1 , 1963 How many airports haven't the pilot 'Thompson' driven an aircraft?
may i know the class room for the class section 1 | ok , so which column info do you want to return for these classes ? | i want to know the class room column
may i know the class room for the class section 1 | ok , so which column info do you want to return for these classes ? | i want to know the class room column How many students enrolled in class ACCT-211?
How many employees report to Nancy Edwards ?
How many employees report to Nancy Edwards ? What are their names ? | The table shows the first and last names of the employees who report to Nancy Edward . | Who does not report to Nancy Edwards ?
How many employees report to Nancy Edwards ? What are their names ? | The table shows the first and last names of the employees who report to Nancy Edward . | Who does not report to Nancy Edwards ? Who does Nancy Edwards report to ? | The first and last names of the employee whom Nancy Edwards reports to is Andrew Adams . | Who does Andrew Adams report to ?
How many employees report to Nancy Edwards ? What are their names ? | The table shows the first and last names of the employees who report to Nancy Edward . | Who does not report to Nancy Edwards ? Who does Nancy Edwards report to ? | The first and last names of the employee whom Nancy Edwards reports to is Andrew Adams . | Who does Andrew Adams report to ? Who else reports to Andrew Adams ?
How many employees report to Nancy Edwards ? What are their names ? | The table shows the first and last names of the employees who report to Nancy Edward . | Who does not report to Nancy Edwards ? Who does Nancy Edwards report to ? | The first and last names of the employee whom Nancy Edwards reports to is Andrew Adams . | Who does Andrew Adams report to ? Who else reports to Andrew Adams ? find the full name of employees who report to Nancy Edwards?
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name .
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name . What is the product price of men suits ?
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name . What is the product price of men suits ? What is the most expensive product price ?
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name . What is the product price of men suits ? What is the most expensive product price ? How about the least expensive ?
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name . What is the product price of men suits ? What is the most expensive product price ? How about the least expensive ? What product type is the one that has the least expensive product price ? | Did you want to get Product Type Code that has the least expensive product price ? | Yes
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name . What is the product price of men suits ? What is the most expensive product price ? How about the least expensive ? What product type is the one that has the least expensive product price ? | Did you want to get Product Type Code that has the least expensive product price ? | Yes Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name.
What are the names of players who get more than the average points ?
What are the names of players who get more than the average points ? Give me the name of player with the most points
What are the names of players who get more than the average points ? Give me the name of player with the most points Which players scored highest ? Give me names | Do you mean the names of player with the most points ? | Yes
What are the names of players who get more than the average points ? Give me the name of player with the most points Which players scored highest ? Give me names | Do you mean the names of player with the most points ? | Yes what are the name of players who get more than the average points.
How many instructors are there ?
How many instructors are there ? OK . Which instructor ids appear more than once in the advisor table
How many instructors are there ? OK . Which instructor ids appear more than once in the advisor table What are the instructors name for each of those ids the are advising more than one student ?
How many instructors are there ? OK . Which instructor ids appear more than once in the advisor table What are the instructors name for each of those ids the are advising more than one student ? Find the name of instructors who are advising more than one student.
How many professors are there ?
How many professors are there ? how many are assistant professors ? | Did you mean to ask for the number of assistant professors in total ? | Well , yes .
How many professors are there ? how many are assistant professors ? | Did you mean to ask for the number of assistant professors in total ? | Well , yes . How many or women ? | Did you mean to ask for the number of female assistant professors ? | yes , how many are women ?
How many professors are there ? how many are assistant professors ? | Did you mean to ask for the number of assistant professors in total ? | Well , yes . How many or women ? | Did you mean to ask for the number of female assistant professors ? | yes , how many are women ? Show the number of male and female assistant professors.
What is the staff id of Bosco ?
What is the staff id of Bosco ? Are there any problems reported by staff id 1 ?
What is the staff id of Bosco ? Are there any problems reported by staff id 1 ? How many total problems are there reported by staff ID 1 ?
What is the staff id of Bosco ? Are there any problems reported by staff id 1 ? How many total problems are there reported by staff ID 1 ? What is the full set of information associated with staff with last name Bosco ?
What is the staff id of Bosco ? Are there any problems reported by staff id 1 ? How many total problems are there reported by staff ID 1 ? What is the full set of information associated with staff with last name Bosco ? What are the ids of the problems reported by staff first name Lacey ?
What is the staff id of Bosco ? Are there any problems reported by staff id 1 ? How many total problems are there reported by staff ID 1 ? What is the full set of information associated with staff with last name Bosco ? What are the ids of the problems reported by staff first name Lacey ? Find the ids of all problems reported by staff with last name Bosco
What is the staff id of Bosco ? Are there any problems reported by staff id 1 ? How many total problems are there reported by staff ID 1 ? What is the full set of information associated with staff with last name Bosco ? What are the ids of the problems reported by staff first name Lacey ? Find the ids of all problems reported by staff with last name Bosco Find the ids of the problems that are reported by the staff whose last name is Bosco.
What is the most common major ?
What is the most common major ? What is the name of the oldest student ?
What is the most common major ? What is the name of the oldest student ? What is that student 's Id ?
What is the most common major ? What is the name of the oldest student ? What is that student 's Id ? Show the student id of the oldest student.
What is the customer ID who is associated with the latest policy ?
What is the customer ID who is associated with the latest policy ? what is the name of the customer associated with customer ID 263 ?
What is the customer ID who is associated with the latest policy ? what is the name of the customer associated with customer ID 263 ? What is the policy type code of customer with ID 334 ?
What is the customer ID who is associated with the latest policy ? what is the name of the customer associated with customer ID 263 ? What is the policy type code of customer with ID 334 ? Which customer is associated with the latest policy?
What are names of all programs ?
What are names of all programs ? Of them which was launched most recently ?
What are names of all programs ? Of them which was launched most recently ? Who is the owner ?
What are names of all programs ? Of them which was launched most recently ? Who is the owner ? find the name of the program that was launched most recently.
What is the average unit price of Rock tracks ?
What is the average unit price of Rock tracks ? What 's the average milliseconds of the Rock Tracks ?
What is the average unit price of Rock tracks ? What 's the average milliseconds of the Rock Tracks ? and for the Jazz tracks ?
What is the average unit price of Rock tracks ? What 's the average milliseconds of the Rock Tracks ? and for the Jazz tracks ? What is the average unit price of rock tracks?
Which is the most expensive wine ?
Which is the most expensive wine ? From which year is it ?
Which is the most expensive wine ? From which year is it ? What is the appelation of Giana | What is Giana ? | Sorry Giana is the name of wine
Which is the most expensive wine ? From which year is it ? What is the appelation of Giana | What is Giana ? | Sorry Giana is the name of wine Which wine has a score of 91 ?
Which is the most expensive wine ? From which year is it ? What is the appelation of Giana | What is Giana ? | Sorry Giana is the name of wine Which wine has a score of 91 ? What are the average price and score of wines grouped by appelation?
Show the billing address with the highest amount of invoice ?
Show the billing address with the highest amount of invoice ? Show the total amount of invoice from chicago , IL ?
Show the billing address with the highest amount of invoice ? Show the total amount of invoice from chicago , IL ? Show the billing country with the total amount of invoice 3.96 ?
Show the billing address with the highest amount of invoice ? Show the total amount of invoice from chicago , IL ? Show the billing country with the total amount of invoice 3.96 ? List total amount of  invoice from Chicago, IL.
Please list the names of all the climbers .
Please list the names of all the climbers . Can you show me the climbers who climbed mountains in Country Uganda ? | The climbers with IDs of 9 and 10 climbed mountains in the country Uganda | Hmm , I want to know the times used by the climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda please .
Please list the names of all the climbers . Can you show me the climbers who climbed mountains in Country Uganda ? | The climbers with IDs of 9 and 10 climbed mountains in the country Uganda | Hmm , I want to know the times used by the climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda please . Show the times used by climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda.
hi , how many teachers have addresses with zip code `` 918 ''
hi , how many teachers have addresses with zip code `` 918 '' can you tell me who that teacher is ? | The teacher is Alvis Macer Schultz | and what is that teacher 's email address ?
hi , how many teachers have addresses with zip code `` 918 '' can you tell me who that teacher is ? | The teacher is Alvis Macer Schultz | and what is that teacher 's email address ? What are the email addresses of teachers whose address has zip code "918"?
What is the order status of the most recent order ?
What is the order status of the most recent order ? Can you just list the id of the most recent order ?
What is the order status of the most recent order ? Can you just list the id of the most recent order ? What is the id of the most recent order?
How many professors in this table ?
How many professors in this table ? How many department names in this table ?
How many professors in this table ? How many department names in this table ? How many professors who are from either Accounting or Biology department?
Can you tell me the amount and code of the job with the most employees ?
Can you tell me the amount and code of the job with the most employees ? And the hire dates of those 22 employees ?
Can you tell me the amount and code of the job with the most employees ? And the hire dates of those 22 employees ? Find the count and code of the job has most employees.
What is the publisher with most number of books ?
What is the publisher with most number of books ? Who is the author of Unicorn Mountain ?
What is the publisher with most number of books ? Who is the author of Unicorn Mountain ? Who is the author of Death Takes the Stage ?
What is the publisher with most number of books ? Who is the author of Unicorn Mountain ? Who is the author of Death Takes the Stage ? What is the publisher with most number of books?
How many artists have album ?
How many artists have album ? Find the album id of accept ? | The album ids of the artist named 'Accept ' are 2 and 3 . | How many artists in this table ?
How many artists have album ? Find the album id of accept ? | The album ids of the artist named 'Accept ' are 2 and 3 . | How many artists in this table ? How many albums in this table ? | did you mean the number of all the albums shown in the table ? | Yes .
How many artists have album ? Find the album id of accept ? | The album ids of the artist named 'Accept ' are 2 and 3 . | How many artists in this table ? How many albums in this table ? | did you mean the number of all the albums shown in the table ? | Yes . How many artists do not have any album?
what is average of volume ?
what is average of volume ? can you show a list of categories ?
what is average of volume ? can you show a list of categories ? where are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category 'best song ' and 'awarded ' ?
what is average of volume ? can you show a list of categories ? where are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category 'best song ' and 'awarded ' ? What are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category "Best Song" and result "Awarded"?
Which artist made the most songs ? | did you want to return his/her name ? | Yes
Which artist made the most songs ? | did you want to return his/her name ? | Yes What about the name of artist with least number of songs ?
Which artist made the most songs ? | did you want to return his/her name ? | Yes What about the name of artist with least number of songs ? Ok , then what is the country of origin of Enrique ?
Which artist made the most songs ? | did you want to return his/her name ? | Yes What about the name of artist with least number of songs ? Ok , then what is the country of origin of Enrique ? Find the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs?
How many documents do not have expense reports ?
How many documents do not have expense reports ? What category would the report fall into ?
How many documents do not have expense reports ? What category would the report fall into ? How many documents do not have any expense?
Which schools have goalie player ?
Which schools have goalie player ? And which schools do n't have a goalie player ?
Which schools have goalie player ? And which schools do n't have a goalie player ? What is the total number of enrollment of schools that do not have any goalie player?
give me the race class with the most number of races
give me the race class with the most number of races on what date is it ?
give me the race class with the most number of races on what date is it ? list the race id
give me the race class with the most number of races on what date is it ? list the race id What is the race class with most number of races.
What 1986 movie was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical ?
What 1986 movie was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical ? How many actors appeared in it ?
What 1986 movie was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical ? How many actors appeared in it ? What are their names ?
What 1986 movie was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical ? How many actors appeared in it ? What are their names ? Show names of actors that have appeared in musical with name "The Phantom of the Opera".
What is the maximum share count of all of the different transaction type codes ?
What is the maximum share count of all of the different transaction type codes ? What is the minimum share count of the transaction type code PUR ?
What is the maximum share count of all of the different transaction type codes ? What is the minimum share count of the transaction type code PUR ? What is the share count of transaction id 2 ?
What is the maximum share count of all of the different transaction type codes ? What is the minimum share count of the transaction type code PUR ? What is the share count of transaction id 2 ? What is the lowest share count ?
What is the maximum share count of all of the different transaction type codes ? What is the minimum share count of the transaction type code PUR ? What is the share count of transaction id 2 ? What is the lowest share count ? Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types.
Can you tell me which year had more than one festival please ?
Can you tell me which year had more than one festival please ? What are the names of the festivals that occurred that year ?
Can you tell me which year had more than one festival please ? What are the names of the festivals that occurred that year ? What other years did the Cherry Awards occur during ?
Can you tell me which year had more than one festival please ? What are the names of the festivals that occurred that year ? What other years did the Cherry Awards occur during ? List the year in which there are more than one festivals.
how many Customers are there
how many Customers are there how may customer payment cash method
how many Customers are there how may customer payment cash method what is the name of customer id 2
how many Customers are there how may customer payment cash method what is the name of customer id 2 What is the name of the customer that made the order with the largest quantity?
Can you show the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50 for each account type and their corresponding account types ?
Can you show the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50 for each account type and their corresponding account types ? For each account type, find the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50.
Find the id , forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races ?
Find the id , forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races ? What is the driver reference and nationality of Fernando ? | Do you mean the driver reference and nationality of the driver whose forename is Fernando ? | Yes
Find the id , forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races ? What is the driver reference and nationality of Fernando ? | Do you mean the driver reference and nationality of the driver whose forename is Fernando ? | Yes What position and how many wins does the forename Fernando have ? | Do you mean the position of the driver with forename Fernando when he ranked 1 and the number of times that he ranked 1 ? | yes
Find the id , forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races ? What is the driver reference and nationality of Fernando ? | Do you mean the driver reference and nationality of the driver whose forename is Fernando ? | Yes What position and how many wins does the forename Fernando have ? | Do you mean the position of the driver with forename Fernando when he ranked 1 and the number of times that he ranked 1 ? | yes Find the id, forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races?
Hello ! How many students are enrolled in the class with the course code of ACCT-211 ?
Hello ! How many students are enrolled in the class with the course code of ACCT-211 ? Excellent ! Can you show the class time and class room for ACCt-211 ?
Hello ! How many students are enrolled in the class with the course code of ACCT-211 ? Excellent ! Can you show the class time and class room for ACCt-211 ? Thank you ! I thought there might be more to that table ... Can you provide me with a list of all of the different course codes ?
Hello ! How many students are enrolled in the class with the course code of ACCT-211 ? Excellent ! Can you show the class time and class room for ACCt-211 ? Thank you ! I thought there might be more to that table ... Can you provide me with a list of all of the different course codes ? How many students enrolled in class ACCT-211?
What is the total number of products ?
What is the total number of products ? What is the total number of products that are in orders with status `` Delivered '' ?
What is the total number of products ? What is the total number of products that are in orders with status `` Delivered '' ? What is the total number of products that are in orders with status `` Cancelled '' ?
What is the total number of products ? What is the total number of products that are in orders with status `` Delivered '' ? What is the total number of products that are in orders with status `` Cancelled '' ? What is the total number of products that are in orders with status "Cancelled"?
What 's the rating of all songs in English ?
What 's the rating of all songs in English ? What are the names of all the songs ?
What 's the rating of all songs in English ? What are the names of all the songs ? Which of those have rating below that of all songs in English ?
What 's the rating of all songs in English ? What are the names of all the songs ? Which of those have rating below that of all songs in English ? What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English?
How many different cinemas are on the list ?
How many different cinemas are on the list ? What is the average capacity of each cinema ?
How many different cinemas are on the list ? What is the average capacity of each cinema ? Which cinema has the highest capacity , and which has the lowest capacity ?
How many different cinemas are on the list ? What is the average capacity of each cinema ? Which cinema has the highest capacity , and which has the lowest capacity ? Which locations have the most cinemas ?
How many different cinemas are on the list ? What is the average capacity of each cinema ? Which cinema has the highest capacity , and which has the lowest capacity ? Which locations have the most cinemas ? Which location has the most cinemas opened in 2010 or later ?
How many different cinemas are on the list ? What is the average capacity of each cinema ? Which cinema has the highest capacity , and which has the lowest capacity ? Which locations have the most cinemas ? Which location has the most cinemas opened in 2010 or later ? What is the location with the most cinemas opened in year 2010 or later?
Can you tell me highest value of the entry name ?
Can you tell me highest value of the entry name ? What is the entry name of the most expensive catalog (in USD)?
what is the billing address of germany
what is the billing address of germany what is the invoice date of customer id 2
what is the billing address of germany what is the invoice date of customer id 2 what is the billing city of norway
what is the billing address of germany what is the invoice date of customer id 2 what is the billing city of norway what is the last name of state sp
what is the billing address of germany what is the invoice date of customer id 2 what is the billing city of norway what is the last name of state sp List the top 10 customers by total gross sales. List customers' first and last name and total gross sales.
list the name of the members in the order of their rank in rounds
list the name of the members in the order of their rank in rounds include member id in this table
list the name of the members in the order of their rank in rounds include member id in this table also include the college id in this table
list the name of the members in the order of their rank in rounds include member id in this table also include the college id in this table Show the names of members in ascending order of their rank in rounds.
what is the daily hire cost of the product id 1
what is the daily hire cost of the product id 1 what is the status date of the product name Book collection C ?
what is the daily hire cost of the product id 1 what is the status date of the product name Book collection C ? what is the product description of the product id 3 ?
what is the daily hire cost of the product id 1 what is the status date of the product name Book collection C ? what is the product description of the product id 3 ? what are the names of products whose availability equals to 1 ?
what is the daily hire cost of the product id 1 what is the status date of the product name Book collection C ? what is the product description of the product id 3 ? what are the names of products whose availability equals to 1 ? What are the names of products whose availability equals to 1?
what are the location of the enzymes ?
what are the location of the enzymes ? i mean chromosome value ? | You mean PBG deaminase ? | yes
what are the location of the enzymes ? i mean chromosome value ? | You mean PBG deaminase ? | yes Find the product name of the ALA synthase ?
what are the location of the enzymes ? i mean chromosome value ? | You mean PBG deaminase ? | yes Find the product name of the ALA synthase ? Find the enzyme name of medicine id 3 ?
what are the location of the enzymes ? i mean chromosome value ? | You mean PBG deaminase ? | yes Find the product name of the ALA synthase ? Find the enzyme name of medicine id 3 ? What are the distinct name, location and products of the enzymes which has any 'inhibitor' interaction?
Can you show the artist name of song Tumi robe nirobe ?
Can you show the artist name of song Tumi robe nirobe ? Can you show the rating of the song Tumi robe nirobe ?
Can you show the artist name of song Tumi robe nirobe ? Can you show the rating of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? What is the genre of the song Tumi robe nirobe ?
Can you show the artist name of song Tumi robe nirobe ? Can you show the rating of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? What is the genre of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? Can you show the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English ?
Can you show the artist name of song Tumi robe nirobe ? Can you show the rating of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? What is the genre of the song Tumi robe nirobe ? Can you show the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English ? Find the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English.
what is the customer name of customer id 1
what is the customer name of customer id 1 what is the customer name of customer id 2
what is the customer name of customer id 1 what is the customer name of customer id 2 what is the customer name of customer id 3
what is the customer name of customer id 1 what is the customer name of customer id 2 what is the customer name of customer id 3 find the name of the customers who have at most two orders
what is the customer name of customer id 1 what is the customer name of customer id 2 what is the customer name of customer id 3 find the name of the customers who have at most two orders Find the name of the customers who have at most two orders.
What is the average oldest students with different sex ? | Do you mean what is the average age of students ? | What is the average and oldest age for students with different sex ?
What is the average oldest students with different sex ? | Do you mean what is the average age of students ? | What is the average and oldest age for students with different sex ? Find the average and oldest age for students with different sex.
What are the names of all students who took any course in the fall semester of the year 2003 ?
What are the names of all students who took any course in the fall semester of the year 2003 ? What about in the spring semester ?
What are the names of all students who took any course in the fall semester of the year 2003 ? What about in the spring semester ? What about in 2004 ?
What are the names of all students who took any course in the fall semester of the year 2003 ? What about in the spring semester ? What about in 2004 ? What course id were offered in that semester ?
What are the names of all students who took any course in the fall semester of the year 2003 ? What about in the spring semester ? What about in 2004 ? What course id were offered in that semester ? What 's the grade of 10838 ?
What are the names of all students who took any course in the fall semester of the year 2003 ? What about in the spring semester ? What about in 2004 ? What course id were offered in that semester ? What 's the grade of 10838 ? Find the names of students who have taken any course in the fall semester of year 2003.
how many different languages do countries speak ?
how many different languages do countries speak ? how many of them are some form of English ?
how many different languages do countries speak ? how many of them are some form of English ? please list those languages
how many different languages do countries speak ? how many of them are some form of English ? please list those languages Show all official native languages that contain the word "English".
how many campuses are presented on the table
how many campuses are presented on the table list out the campuses name
how many campuses are presented on the table list out the campuses name what is the location of California State University-Bakersfield
how many campuses are presented on the table list out the campuses name what is the location of California State University-Bakersfield what is the county of California State University-Chico
how many campuses are presented on the table list out the campuses name what is the location of California State University-Bakersfield what is the county of California State University-Chico List the campus that have between 600 and 1000 faculty lines in year 2004.
How many weight of Francesco Postiglione ?
How many weight of Francesco Postiglione ? How much money requested of people id 2 ?
How many weight of Francesco Postiglione ? How much money requested of people id 2 ? Date of birth of Fabrizio Buonocore ?
How many weight of Francesco Postiglione ? How much money requested of people id 2 ? Date of birth of Fabrizio Buonocore ? What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight ?
How many weight of Francesco Postiglione ? How much money requested of people id 2 ? Date of birth of Fabrizio Buonocore ? What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight ? What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight?
How many balance of customer id 1 ? | Do you want the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | Yes
How many balance of customer id 1 ? | Do you want the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | Yes Find the savings balance of Wang ?
How many balance of customer id 1 ? | Do you want the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | Yes Find the savings balance of Wang ? What are the accountant name of customer id 3 ?
How many balance of customer id 1 ? | Do you want the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | Yes Find the savings balance of Wang ? What are the accountant name of customer id 3 ? Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance .
How many balance of customer id 1 ? | Do you want the saving balance of the customer with id 1 ? | Yes Find the savings balance of Wang ? What are the accountant name of customer id 3 ? Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance . Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
Hello ! Can you provide me with the song name for the song with the lowest resolution ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the song name for the song with the lowest resolution ? Thanks ! What is the name of the artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the song name for the song with the lowest resolution ? Thanks ! What is the name of the artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution ? Thank you very much ! Can you please tell me what the gender of the artist is ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the song name for the song with the lowest resolution ? Thanks ! What is the name of the artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution ? Thank you very much ! Can you please tell me what the gender of the artist is ? Return the gender and name of artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution.
How many service names in this table ?
How many service names in this table ? How many customers in this table ?
How many service names in this table ? How many customers in this table ? How many customer names in this table ?
How many service names in this table ? How many customers in this table ? How many customer names in this table ? How many policy ids are in this table ?
How many service names in this table ? How many customers in this table ? How many customer names in this table ? How many policy ids are in this table ? Find the names of customers who have used either the service "Close a policy" or the service "Upgrade a policy".
what is the average of market value ?
what is the average of market value ? what is the average of assets billion ?
what is the average of market value ? what is the average of assets billion ? what is companies headquarters ?
what is the average of market value ? what is the average of assets billion ? what is companies headquarters ? show all headquarters without a company in banking industry .
what is the average of market value ? what is the average of assets billion ? what is companies headquarters ? show all headquarters without a company in banking industry . Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry.
Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Bob Fosse '' ?
Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Bob Fosse '' ? Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Cleavant Derricks '' ?
Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Bob Fosse '' ? Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Cleavant Derricks '' ? What categories did Cleavant Derricks win for ?
Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Bob Fosse '' ? Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Cleavant Derricks '' ? What categories did Cleavant Derricks win for ? What categories were Cleavant Derrick nominated for ?
Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Bob Fosse '' ? Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Cleavant Derricks '' ? What categories did Cleavant Derricks win for ? What categories were Cleavant Derrick nominated for ? What categories did Bob Fosse win in ?
Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Bob Fosse '' ? Can you list the awards of the musical nominee `` Cleavant Derricks '' ? What categories did Cleavant Derricks win for ? What categories were Cleavant Derrick nominated for ? What categories did Bob Fosse win in ? Show the musical nominee with award "Bob Fosse" or "Cleavant Derricks".
What are the register year of Jeremy Jarmon ?
What are the register year of Jeremy Jarmon ? What is Corey Peters Card_Number ?
What are the register year of Jeremy Jarmon ? What is Corey Peters Card_Number ? What is Myron Pryor Hometown ?
What are the register year of Jeremy Jarmon ? What is Corey Peters Card_Number ? What is Myron Pryor Hometown ? Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016 .
What are the register year of Jeremy Jarmon ? What is Corey Peters Card_Number ? What is Myron Pryor Hometown ? Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016 . Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016.
What is the product description for this product ?
What is the product description for this product ? Also , what is the color code ?
What is the product description for this product ? Also , what is the color code ? Great , what is the typical product price for this product ?
What is the product description for this product ? Also , what is the color code ? Great , what is the typical product price for this product ? No worries , are there any other product details that I should know about ?
What is the product description for this product ? Also , what is the color code ? Great , what is the typical product price for this product ? No worries , are there any other product details that I should know about ? What is the color code and description of the product named "chervil"?
Show the School name with School_ID 1 ?
Show the School name with School_ID 1 ? Show the denomination shared by more than one school ?
Show the School name with School_ID 1 ? Show the denomination shared by more than one school ? Show the Location of Barker College ?
Show the School name with School_ID 1 ? Show the denomination shared by more than one school ? Show the Location of Barker College ? Show the names of schools with only girls ?
Show the School name with School_ID 1 ? Show the denomination shared by more than one school ? Show the Location of Barker College ? Show the names of schools with only girls ? Show the denomination shared by more than one school.
What are the names of all of the students ?
What are the names of all of the students ? How many students are in that classroom ?
What are the names of all of the students ? How many students are in that classroom ? What is the name of the teacher who teaches in that classroom ?
What are the names of all of the students ? How many students are in that classroom ? What is the name of the teacher who teaches in that classroom ? Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students.
How many apartments are there ?
How many apartments are there ? Which apartments has the largest number of total rooms ? | what attribute did you want me to return for the apartment with the largest number of total rooms ? the apartment type code ? | The apt ID first .
How many apartments are there ? Which apartments has the largest number of total rooms ? | what attribute did you want me to return for the apartment with the largest number of total rooms ? the apartment type code ? | The apt ID first . Now what is the apartment type code of that apartment .
How many apartments are there ? Which apartments has the largest number of total rooms ? | what attribute did you want me to return for the apartment with the largest number of total rooms ? the apartment type code ? | The apt ID first . Now what is the apartment type code of that apartment . Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25 .
Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25 . List out the editors name ? | sorry , did you mean you need the Editor ID | How many editor id 's in the table ?
Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25 . List out the editors name ? | sorry , did you mean you need the Editor ID | How many editor id 's in the table ? Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25.
which builder has the highest total points ? | Do you want their name or id ? | their name please
which builder has the highest total points ? | Do you want their name or id ? | their name please what is his ID ?
which builder has the highest total points ? | Do you want their name or id ? | their name please what is his ID ? What are the birth date and birth place of the body builder with the highest total points?
Can you list the asset ids , the fault log entry ids and the fault descriptions ?
Can you list the asset ids , the fault log entry ids and the fault descriptions ? Hmm , I want to know the asset ids that did not incur any fault log .
Can you list the asset ids , the fault log entry ids and the fault descriptions ? Hmm , I want to know the asset ids that did not incur any fault log . Please just list the asset model of those assets .
Can you list the asset ids , the fault log entry ids and the fault descriptions ? Hmm , I want to know the asset ids that did not incur any fault log . Please just list the asset model of those assets . Which assets did not incur any fault log? List the asset model.
What are the lessons thought by jenessa
What are the lessons thought by jenessa yes i need details
What are the lessons thought by jenessa yes i need details What was the lesson date
What are the lessons thought by jenessa yes i need details What was the lesson date What was the lesson timing
What are the lessons thought by jenessa yes i need details What was the lesson date What was the lesson timing List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa, last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's'.
list the salaries in ascending order
list the salaries in ascending order show the least three salaries in the table
list the salaries in ascending order show the least three salaries in the table list the name of the employees with the lowest salaries
list the salaries in ascending order show the least three salaries in the table list the name of the employees with the lowest salaries what is the id of him ?
list the salaries in ascending order show the least three salaries in the table list the name of the employees with the lowest salaries what is the id of him ? Show the name of employees with three lowest salaries.
what is height of Kibo ( Uhuru Pk )
what is height of Kibo ( Uhuru Pk ) how many mountain does Tanzania have ? | Do you mean the number of mountains in the country Tanzania？ | yes
what is height of Kibo ( Uhuru Pk ) how many mountain does Tanzania have ? | Do you mean the number of mountains in the country Tanzania？ | yes what is the range of Mount Kenya ( Batian ) in country kenya
what is height of Kibo ( Uhuru Pk ) how many mountain does Tanzania have ? | Do you mean the number of mountains in the country Tanzania？ | yes what is the range of Mount Kenya ( Batian ) in country kenya highest mountain in Tanzania | Do you mean the name of the highest mountain in country Tanzania ? | yes
what is height of Kibo ( Uhuru Pk ) how many mountain does Tanzania have ? | Do you mean the number of mountains in the country Tanzania？ | yes what is the range of Mount Kenya ( Batian ) in country kenya highest mountain in Tanzania | Do you mean the name of the highest mountain in country Tanzania ? | yes The name of the smallest mountain from all countries | Do you mean the name of the lowest mountain ? | YES
what is height of Kibo ( Uhuru Pk ) how many mountain does Tanzania have ? | Do you mean the number of mountains in the country Tanzania？ | yes what is the range of Mount Kenya ( Batian ) in country kenya highest mountain in Tanzania | Do you mean the name of the highest mountain in country Tanzania ? | yes The name of the smallest mountain from all countries | Do you mean the name of the lowest mountain ? | YES List the countries that have more than one mountain.
how many departments are there ?
how many departments are there ? how many employees are there in Department ID 2
how many departments are there ? how many employees are there in Department ID 2 what is the name of Department ID 3
how many departments are there ? how many employees are there in Department ID 2 what is the name of Department ID 3 What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments?
Would you please show me the ids of all employees who do n't destroy any documents ?
Would you please show me the ids of all employees who do n't destroy any documents ? What are their names ?
Would you please show me the ids of all employees who do n't destroy any documents ? What are their names ? Would you please show me the ids of all employees who do destroy any documents ?
Would you please show me the ids of all employees who do n't destroy any documents ? What are their names ? Would you please show me the ids of all employees who do destroy any documents ? Show the ids of all employees who don't destroy any document.
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the cities including city IDs and city names ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the cities including city IDs and city names ? Oh , I am sorry about that . Can you please show me a list of all of the cities located in counties that for which the county has a population over 20,000 ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the cities including city IDs and city names ? Oh , I am sorry about that . Can you please show me a list of all of the cities located in counties that for which the county has a population over 20,000 ? Show the number of cities in counties that have a population more than 20000.
How many games has each stadium held ?
How many games has each stadium held ? So how many total games were there ?
How many games has each stadium held ? So how many total games were there ? How many games has each stadium held?
Hello , I was wondering how many claims are made ?
Hello , I was wondering how many claims are made ? About how many settlements does each claim correspond to ?
Hello , I was wondering how many claims are made ? About how many settlements does each claim correspond to ? No problem , what is the average amount of days for a claim to be settled ?
Hello , I was wondering how many claims are made ? About how many settlements does each claim correspond to ? No problem , what is the average amount of days for a claim to be settled ? Claim number 801 had 4 settlements , what was the largest one ? | Do you mean largest in terms of the amount claimed or amount settled ? | Yes , both .
Hello , I was wondering how many claims are made ? About how many settlements does each claim correspond to ? No problem , what is the average amount of days for a claim to be settled ? Claim number 801 had 4 settlements , what was the largest one ? | Do you mean largest in terms of the amount claimed or amount settled ? | Yes , both . How many settlements does each claim correspond to? List the claim id and the number of settlements.
How many customers are there ?
How many customers are there ? How many of them have `` Diana '' anywhere in their name ?
How many customers are there ? How many of them have `` Diana '' anywhere in their name ? What is her full name ?
How many customers are there ? How many of them have `` Diana '' anywhere in their name ? What is her full name ? Find the names of customers whose name contains "Diana".
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all churches please ? | Do you need their names or ids ? | Ah yes ! Can you please provide me with a list containing both ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all churches please ? | Do you need their names or ids ? | Ah yes ! Can you please provide me with a list containing both ? Thank you for that ! Could you filter that list to show only the church names and ids of churches that have hosted 2 or more weddings ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all churches please ? | Do you need their names or ids ? | Ah yes ! Can you please provide me with a list containing both ? Thank you for that ! Could you filter that list to show only the church names and ids of churches that have hosted 2 or more weddings ? Show all church names that have hosted least two weddings.
How many users are followed by Mary ?
How many users are followed by Mary ? What about by Susan ?
How many users are followed by Mary ? What about by Susan ? What is the id for those users ? | Do you mean users followed by only Mary , or only Susan , or by either ? | I mean the users followed by either .
How many users are followed by Mary ? What about by Susan ? What is the id for those users ? | Do you mean users followed by only Mary , or only Susan , or by either ? | I mean the users followed by either . What are the names of those users ?
How many users are followed by Mary ? What about by Susan ? What is the id for those users ? | Do you mean users followed by only Mary , or only Susan , or by either ? | I mean the users followed by either . What are the names of those users ? Find the id of users who are followed by Mary or Susan.
what are the names of the players ?
what are the names of the players ? Who has been coached by Jameson Tomas ?
what are the names of the players ? Who has been coached by Jameson Tomas ? Show the names of players coached by the rank 1 coach.
where is Sergio García born
where is Sergio García born what is the highest head id in the management
where is Sergio García born what is the highest head id in the management give me the age of all the people in the mangement
where is Sergio García born what is the highest head id in the management give me the age of all the people in the mangement What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama'?
what is the brand name of id 2 ? | Did you mean the brand or name of the camera lens with ID 2 ? | yes
what is the brand name of id 2 ? | Did you mean the brand or name of the camera lens with ID 2 ? | yes what is color of mountain id no . 20 ?
what is the brand name of id 2 ? | Did you mean the brand or name of the camera lens with ID 2 ? | yes what is color of mountain id no . 20 ? what is focus length of id 3 ?
what is the brand name of id 2 ? | Did you mean the brand or name of the camera lens with ID 2 ? | yes what is color of mountain id no . 20 ? what is focus length of id 3 ? what is the name of the camera lens in the mountains id 2 ?
what is the brand name of id 2 ? | Did you mean the brand or name of the camera lens with ID 2 ? | yes what is color of mountain id no . 20 ? what is focus length of id 3 ? what is the name of the camera lens in the mountains id 2 ? What are the names of the cameras that have taken picture of the most mountains?
Hello ! How many transactions are there total ?
Hello ! How many transactions are there total ? Perfect ! And is there an account number of 337 ? | Do you mean the account name ? | Yes the account name being 337 .
Hello ! How many transactions are there total ? Perfect ! And is there an account number of 337 ? | Do you mean the account name ? | Yes the account name being 337 . How many total transactions does that account have ?
Hello ! How many transactions are there total ? Perfect ! And is there an account number of 337 ? | Do you mean the account name ? | Yes the account name being 337 . How many total transactions does that account have ? How many transaction does account with name 337 have?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all train names for trains that are associated with the local authority of Chiltern ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all train names for trains that are associated with the local authority of Chiltern ? That 's great ! Can you update that list to also include all of the arrival times for the trains that have Chiltern listed as their station 's local authority ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all train names for trains that are associated with the local authority of Chiltern ? That 's great ! Can you update that list to also include all of the arrival times for the trains that have Chiltern listed as their station 's local authority ? Great ! Finally , can you update this list to also include The train ID and train number for each ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all train names for trains that are associated with the local authority of Chiltern ? That 's great ! Can you update that list to also include all of the arrival times for the trains that have Chiltern listed as their station 's local authority ? Great ! Finally , can you update this list to also include The train ID and train number for each ? Find names and times of trains that run through stations for the local authority Chiltern.
hi I was wondering how many policies Ellsworth Paucek has ?
hi I was wondering how many policies Ellsworth Paucek has ? do you know how many total customers had more than 1 policy ?
hi I was wondering how many policies Ellsworth Paucek has ? do you know how many total customers had more than 1 policy ? could you tell me those four customer 's details and their ID ?
hi I was wondering how many policies Ellsworth Paucek has ? do you know how many total customers had more than 1 policy ? could you tell me those four customer 's details and their ID ? Who are the customers that had more than 1 policy? List the customer details and id.
how many customers are presented on the table
how many customers are presented on the table what are all the companies on the table | Do you mean the companies that customers work ? | exactly
how many customers are presented on the table what are all the companies on the table | Do you mean the companies that customers work ? | exactly actually i mean highest total amount
how many customers are presented on the table what are all the companies on the table | Do you mean the companies that customers work ? | exactly actually i mean highest total amount How many orders does Lucas Mancini has?
LIST THE NAME OF THE AIRCRAFTS
LIST THE NAME OF THE AIRCRAFTS WHAT ARE THE NAMES OF AIRCRAFT WHICH FEWEST PEOPLE HAVE ITS CERTIFICATE
LIST THE NAME OF THE AIRCRAFTS WHAT ARE THE NAMES OF AIRCRAFT WHICH FEWEST PEOPLE HAVE ITS CERTIFICATE WHAT IS THE ID OF THE AIRCRAFT | Do you mean the aircraft id of the aircraft named Boeing 727 ? | YES
LIST THE NAME OF THE AIRCRAFTS WHAT ARE THE NAMES OF AIRCRAFT WHICH FEWEST PEOPLE HAVE ITS CERTIFICATE WHAT IS THE ID OF THE AIRCRAFT | Do you mean the aircraft id of the aircraft named Boeing 727 ? | YES Show the name of aircraft which fewest people have its certificate.
how many projects are presented on the table
how many projects are presented on the table list out the projects names
how many projects are presented on the table list out the projects names which project are least hours on the table
how many projects are presented on the table list out the projects names which project are least hours on the table Find name of the project that needs the least amount of time to finish and the name of scientists who worked on it.
how many airports are presented on the table
how many airports are presented on the table list out the airports names
how many airports are presented on the table list out the airports names how many cities are the aiports | Did you mean the number of cities that have any airport ? | exactly
how many airports are presented on the table list out the airports names how many cities are the aiports | Did you mean the number of cities that have any airport ? | exactly How many cities are there that have more than 3 airports?
how many Lessons there
how many Lessons there what is the nickname of staff id 3
how many Lessons there what is the nickname of staff id 3 what is the middle name if staff with id 2
how many Lessons there what is the nickname of staff id 3 what is the middle name if staff with id 2 How long is the total lesson time taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the Primary conference of Lebanon Valley College ?
What is the Primary conference of Lebanon Valley College ? What is the nickname of University of Rhode Island ?
What is the Primary conference of Lebanon Valley College ? What is the nickname of University of Rhode Island ? What is the location of Fightin ' Blue Hens ?
What is the Primary conference of Lebanon Valley College ? What is the nickname of University of Rhode Island ? What is the location of Fightin ' Blue Hens ? Find the school that was either founded after 1850 or public .
What is the Primary conference of Lebanon Valley College ? What is the nickname of University of Rhode Island ? What is the location of Fightin ' Blue Hens ? Find the school that was either founded after 1850 or public . Find the schools that were either founded after 1850 or public.
How many times has Bob Fosse been nominated ?
How many times has Bob Fosse been nominated ? Please show the nominee who has been nominated the greatest number of times.
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do and from Wales too
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do and from Wales too How many journalists are from England or Wales ?
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do and from Wales too How many journalists are from England or Wales ? Can you show me their names ?
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do and from Wales too How many journalists are from England or Wales ? Can you show me their names ? How many journalists from England have worked for over an year ?
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do and from Wales too How many journalists are from England or Wales ? Can you show me their names ? How many journalists from England have worked for over an year ? What about Wales ?
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do and from Wales too How many journalists are from England or Wales ? Can you show me their names ? How many journalists from England have worked for over an year ? What about Wales ? Can you show me the names of those journalists ? | Do you mean the journalists from Wales and England who have worked for over a year ? | Yes
show me the journalists from England | Do you want their names ? | Yes , I do and from Wales too How many journalists are from England or Wales ? Can you show me their names ? How many journalists from England have worked for over an year ? What about Wales ? Can you show me the names of those journalists ? | Do you mean the journalists from Wales and England who have worked for over a year ? | Yes Show the names of journalists from "England" or "Wales".
how many driver are presented on the table
how many driver are presented on the table list out the driver names on the table
how many driver are presented on the table list out the driver names on the table what is the age of Matthew Ritter
how many driver are presented on the table list out the driver names on the table what is the age of Matthew Ritter what is the home city of Dan Carter
how many driver are presented on the table list out the driver names on the table what is the age of Matthew Ritter what is the home city of Dan Carter Show home city where at least two drivers older than 40 are from.
what is the name of people that are not perpetrators
what is the name of people that are not perpetrators what is the weight of John Danks
what is the name of people that are not perpetrators what is the weight of John Danks what is the height of John Danks
what is the name of people that are not perpetrators what is the weight of John Danks what is the height of John Danks List the names of people that are not perpetrators.
what is the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department ?
what is the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department ? what is the rank for Goodrich | Goodrich is the last name , right ? | yes
what is the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department ? what is the rank for Goodrich | Goodrich is the last name , right ? | yes Find the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department.
How many employees first names contain the letter M ?
How many employees first names contain the letter M ? What are the names of those employees ? | Do you mean the first name and last name of those employees ? | Yes .
How many employees first names contain the letter M ? What are the names of those employees ? | Do you mean the first name and last name of those employees ? | Yes . How many employees first names do not contain the letter M ?
How many employees first names contain the letter M ? What are the names of those employees ? | Do you mean the first name and last name of those employees ? | Yes . How many employees first names do not contain the letter M ? What are their full names ?
How many employees first names contain the letter M ? What are the names of those employees ? | Do you mean the first name and last name of those employees ? | Yes . How many employees first names do not contain the letter M ? What are their full names ? When were they hired ?
How many employees first names contain the letter M ? What are the names of those employees ? | Do you mean the first name and last name of those employees ? | Yes . How many employees first names do not contain the letter M ? What are their full names ? When were they hired ? when is the hire date for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M?
What is the height of the highest roller coaster ?
What is the height of the highest roller coaster ? Which park is this roller coaster located at ?
What is the height of the highest roller coaster ? Which park is this roller coaster located at ? What is the name of the country that has the highest roller coaster ?
What is the height of the highest roller coaster ? Which park is this roller coaster located at ? What is the name of the country that has the highest roller coaster ? Hmm , I also want to know the population of this country .
What is the height of the highest roller coaster ? Which park is this roller coaster located at ? What is the name of the country that has the highest roller coaster ? Hmm , I also want to know the population of this country . Show the name and population of the country that has the highest roller coaster.
whats the course id of statistics
whats the course id of statistics whats the course description of french
whats the course id of statistics whats the course description of french which course has most number of registered students ?
whats the course id of statistics whats the course description of french which course has most number of registered students ? which course has most number of registered students?
what is the highest rating star ?
what is the highest rating star ? what is the average of rating stars ?
what is the highest rating star ? what is the average of rating stars ? what is the first movie 's year ? | What do you mean by `` first '' ? Do you mean the earliest movie ? | yes
what is the highest rating star ? what is the average of rating stars ? what is the first movie 's year ? | What do you mean by `` first '' ? Do you mean the earliest movie ? | yes What is the name of the movie that is rated by most of times?
What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes ?
What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes ? Who is the sponsor of the player with the least amount of votes ?
What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes ? Who is the sponsor of the player with the least amount of votes ? What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes?
Hi , could you please let me know what is the average savings balance of all customers ?
Hi , could you please let me know what is the average savings balance of all customers ? Awesome , thank you . Then could you please show me the ID of the customers who have higher balance than this average ?
Hi , could you please let me know what is the average savings balance of all customers ? Awesome , thank you . Then could you please show me the ID of the customers who have higher balance than this average ? oh that 's a bit surprising , maybe this person is elevating the average a lot . Thank you , then could you please show me this customer 's balance on both CHECKING and SAVINGS table ?
Hi , could you please let me know what is the average savings balance of all customers ? Awesome , thank you . Then could you please show me the ID of the customers who have higher balance than this average ? oh that 's a bit surprising , maybe this person is elevating the average a lot . Thank you , then could you please show me this customer 's balance on both CHECKING and SAVINGS table ? That 's great , thank you . Then could you please let me know what is the sum of those two accounts ?
Hi , could you please let me know what is the average savings balance of all customers ? Awesome , thank you . Then could you please show me the ID of the customers who have higher balance than this average ? oh that 's a bit surprising , maybe this person is elevating the average a lot . Thank you , then could you please show me this customer 's balance on both CHECKING and SAVINGS table ? That 's great , thank you . Then could you please let me know what is the sum of those two accounts ? Thank you . Then could you please let me know what would be the difference between the balances of the two accounts ?
Hi , could you please let me know what is the average savings balance of all customers ? Awesome , thank you . Then could you please show me the ID of the customers who have higher balance than this average ? oh that 's a bit surprising , maybe this person is elevating the average a lot . Thank you , then could you please show me this customer 's balance on both CHECKING and SAVINGS table ? That 's great , thank you . Then could you please let me know what is the sum of those two accounts ? Thank you . Then could you please let me know what would be the difference between the balances of the two accounts ? Find the names and total checking and savings balances of accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
How many instructors are in the statistics department ?
How many instructors are in the statistics department ? What is the lowest salary of the instructors in the statistics department ?
How many instructors are in the statistics department ? What is the lowest salary of the instructors in the statistics department ? And what is the name of the instructor that earns that salary ?
How many instructors are in the statistics department ? What is the lowest salary of the instructors in the statistics department ? And what is the name of the instructor that earns that salary ? what is the name of the instructor who is in Statistics department and earns the lowest salary?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the different product types ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the different product types ? Sweet ! Can you update this list to show what the maximum product price is for both Clothes and Hardware , and include the minimum product price for each ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the different product types ? Sweet ! Can you update this list to show what the maximum product price is for both Clothes and Hardware , and include the minimum product price for each ? Cool ! Can you show me a list of all of the different product names ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the different product types ? Sweet ! Can you update this list to show what the maximum product price is for both Clothes and Hardware , and include the minimum product price for each ? Cool ! Can you show me a list of all of the different product names ? For each product type, return the maximum and minimum price.
what are the names of all catalogs
what are the names of all catalogs list the publication dates for all catalogs
what are the names of all catalogs list the publication dates for all catalogs list the catalogs that have level number greater than 5 | Do you want catalog name or id ? | id
what are the names of all catalogs list the publication dates for all catalogs list the catalogs that have level number greater than 5 | Do you want catalog name or id ? | id Find the names and publication dates of all catalogs that have catalog level number greater than 5.
Could you please tell me the total amount paid in claim headers ?
Could you please tell me the total amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the average amount paid in claim headers ?
Could you please tell me the total amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the average amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the total amount claimed ?
Could you please tell me the total amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the average amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the total amount claimed ? What is the date of the largest amount claimed ?
Could you please tell me the total amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the average amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the total amount claimed ? What is the date of the largest amount claimed ? What is the date of the smallest amount paid ?
Could you please tell me the total amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the average amount paid in claim headers ? Could you please tell me the total amount claimed ? What is the date of the largest amount claimed ? What is the date of the smallest amount paid ? Find the total and average amount paid in claim headers.
Show me the salary of team id ATL ?
Show me the salary of team id ATL ? Show me the league id of player id bedrost01 ?
Show me the salary of team id ATL ? Show me the league id of player id bedrost01 ? Show me the player id with salary 545000 ?
Show me the salary of team id ATL ? Show me the league id of player id bedrost01 ? Show me the player id with salary 545000 ? How many players were in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2000?
What is the name of the building with the largest height ?
What is the name of the building with the largest height ? How many stories does that building have ?
What is the name of the building with the largest height ? How many stories does that building have ? What is the height of that building ?
What is the name of the building with the largest height ? How many stories does that building have ? What is the height of that building ? What city is that building in ?
What is the name of the building with the largest height ? How many stories does that building have ? What is the height of that building ? What city is that building in ? How many stories does the building with the smallest height have ?
What is the name of the building with the largest height ? How many stories does that building have ? What is the height of that building ? What city is that building in ? How many stories does the building with the smallest height have ? Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
Hello , could you find how many friends Alice has ?
Hello , could you find how many friends Alice has ? What is the name of Alice 's friend ?
Hello , could you find how many friends Alice has ? What is the name of Alice 's friend ? What are the names of Bob 's friends ?
Hello , could you find how many friends Alice has ? What is the name of Alice 's friend ? What are the names of Bob 's friends ? Is Zach also a male ?
Hello , could you find how many friends Alice has ? What is the name of Alice 's friend ? What are the names of Bob 's friends ? Is Zach also a male ? Find the female friends of Alice.
Can you tell me the name of the oldest manager please ?
Can you tell me the name of the oldest manager please ? What is the name of the manager with the earliest working year ?
Can you tell me the name of the oldest manager please ? What is the name of the manager with the earliest working year ? Can you list the names of all managers with the highest level ?
Can you tell me the name of the oldest manager please ? What is the name of the manager with the earliest working year ? Can you list the names of all managers with the highest level ? What is the name of the oldest manager?
How many students took any course ? | Did you mean how many students there are ? | Yes , sorry !
How many students took any course ? | Did you mean how many students there are ? | Yes , sorry ! How many students got an A ?
How many students took any course ? | Did you mean how many students there are ? | Yes , sorry ! How many students got an A ? or a C ? | You want the students just with grade `` C '' or including `` A '' | Who got either an A or a C ?
How many students took any course ? | Did you mean how many students there are ? | Yes , sorry ! How many students got an A ? or a C ? | You want the students just with grade `` C '' or including `` A '' | Who got either an A or a C ? Find names of all students who took some course and got A or C.
How many schools are there ?
How many schools are there ? What classes did each school offer ?
How many schools are there ? What classes did each school offer ? What is the number of classes offered by each school ?
How many schools are there ? What classes did each school offer ? What is the number of classes offered by each school ? Find the number of classes in each school.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the colleges located in the state of LA ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the colleges located in the state of LA ? Awesome ! Can you show me a list that contains both the colleges in LA and those located in AZ ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the colleges located in the state of LA ? Awesome ! Can you show me a list that contains both the colleges in LA and those located in AZ ? Sure ! What is the average enrollment of ASU and LSU ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the colleges located in the state of LA ? Awesome ! Can you show me a list that contains both the colleges in LA and those located in AZ ? Sure ! What is the average enrollment of ASU and LSU ? Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment.
list all city towns
list all city towns give the state county each belongs to
list all city towns give the state county each belongs to list all store email addresses
list all city towns give the state county each belongs to list all store email addresses Show all cities along with the number of drama workshop groups in each city.
how many movies are there in total ?
how many movies are there in total ? What year did the oldest movie come out ?
how many movies are there in total ? What year did the oldest movie come out ? How about the most recent one ?
how many movies are there in total ? What year did the oldest movie come out ? How about the most recent one ? What 's the name of that movie ?
how many movies are there in total ? What year did the oldest movie come out ? How about the most recent one ? What 's the name of that movie ? How about the name of the director ? | Do you mean the name of the director of Avatar ? | yes
how many movies are there in total ? What year did the oldest movie come out ? How about the most recent one ? What 's the name of that movie ? How about the name of the director ? | Do you mean the name of the director of Avatar ? | yes What is the name of the most recent movie?
How many ministers were there ?
How many ministers were there ? Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959 .
How many ministers were there ? Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959 . Which minister took office just before 1959 ?
How many ministers were there ? Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959 . Which minister took office just before 1959 ? Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959.
How many flights are arriving in Washington DC today ? | Sorry , what is the date you meant by today ? | I am sorry I meant on April/12/2005
How many flights are arriving in Washington DC today ? | Sorry , what is the date you meant by today ? | I am sorry I meant on April/12/2005 How many flights are arriving in Dallas ?
How many flights are arriving in Washington DC today ? | Sorry , what is the date you meant by today ? | I am sorry I meant on April/12/2005 How many flights are arriving in Dallas ? Which destination has least number of flights?
How many professors have either a Ph.D. or a MA degree ?
How many professors have either a Ph.D. or a MA degree ? Show me employee number for professors with a Ph.D. degree
How many professors have either a Ph.D. or a MA degree ? Show me employee number for professors with a Ph.D. degree Show me professor office for professors with a MA degree
How many professors have either a Ph.D. or a MA degree ? Show me employee number for professors with a Ph.D. degree Show me professor office for professors with a MA degree How many professors who has a either Ph.D. or MA degree?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the least number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the least number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ? Okay . What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the least number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ? Okay . What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ? What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircraft with distance less than 5000 ?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the least number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ? Okay . What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000 ? What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircraft with distance less than 5000 ? What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000?
what is the average attendance of Cowboys Stadium ?
what is the average attendance of Cowboys Stadium ? give the total attendance Cowboys Stadium
what is the average attendance of Cowboys Stadium ? give the total attendance Cowboys Stadium what is the capacity percentage of New Meadowlands Stadium
what is the average attendance of Cowboys Stadium ? give the total attendance Cowboys Stadium what is the capacity percentage of New Meadowlands Stadium What are the maximum, minimum and average home games each stadium held?
Show details of all investors that made transactions with sgare greater than 100 ?
Show details of all investors that made transactions with sgare greater than 100 ? What is the transaction id of all investors that made transactions with sgare greater than 100 ?
Show details of all investors that made transactions with sgare greater than 100 ? What is the transaction id of all investors that made transactions with sgare greater than 100 ? What is the transaction type code of transaction id 2 ?
Show details of all investors that made transactions with sgare greater than 100 ? What is the transaction id of all investors that made transactions with sgare greater than 100 ? What is the transaction type code of transaction id 2 ? Show details of all investors if they make any transaction with share count greater than 100.
can you show me a list of locations ?
can you show me a list of locations ? what is the average of attendance ?
can you show me a list of locations ? what is the average of attendance ? what is the highest attendance 's ?
can you show me a list of locations ? what is the average of attendance ? what is the highest attendance 's ? what is the lowest attendance 's ?
can you show me a list of locations ? what is the average of attendance ? what is the highest attendance 's ? what is the lowest attendance 's ? Show the most common location of performances.
I want to know the invoice dates corresponding to customers
I want to know the invoice dates corresponding to customers Could you please help me with the billing addresses of the named customers ?
I want to know the invoice dates corresponding to customers Could you please help me with the billing addresses of the named customers ? Ok , I will also want to know the billing countries of the named customers
I want to know the invoice dates corresponding to customers Could you please help me with the billing addresses of the named customers ? Ok , I will also want to know the billing countries of the named customers OK , I will like to know the billing city of the names customers please .
I want to know the invoice dates corresponding to customers Could you please help me with the billing addresses of the named customers ? Ok , I will also want to know the billing countries of the named customers OK , I will like to know the billing city of the names customers please . Find all invoice dates corresponding to customers with first name Astrid and last name Gruber.
WHAT IS THE EMAIL ADDRESS OF LYLA WILSON MEDHURST ?
WHAT IS THE EMAIL ADDRESS OF LYLA WILSON MEDHURST ? WHAT IS THE ADDRESS ID OF SID TREMAYNE BRAKUS ?
WHAT IS THE EMAIL ADDRESS OF LYLA WILSON MEDHURST ? WHAT IS THE ADDRESS ID OF SID TREMAYNE BRAKUS ? WHAT IS THE CELL MOBILE NUMBER OF TRYSTAN ALEXANE SCHUSTER ?
WHAT IS THE EMAIL ADDRESS OF LYLA WILSON MEDHURST ? WHAT IS THE ADDRESS ID OF SID TREMAYNE BRAKUS ? WHAT IS THE CELL MOBILE NUMBER OF TRYSTAN ALEXANE SCHUSTER ? Find the first names of teachers whose email address contains the word "man".
What are the names of those tracks ?
What are the names of those tracks ? Can you show me the location and year opened for these tracks ?
What are the names of those tracks ? Can you show me the location and year opened for these tracks ? Show all track names that have had no races.
can you show me campuses years ?
can you show me campuses years ? can you show me campuses county ?
can you show me campuses years ? can you show me campuses county ? can you show me a list of degrees ?
can you show me campuses years ? can you show me campuses county ? can you show me a list of degrees ? how many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the least number of degrees in year 2001 ?
can you show me campuses years ? can you show me campuses county ? can you show me a list of degrees ? how many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the least number of degrees in year 2001 ? How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the least number of degrees in year 2001?
can you list the names of all people ?
can you list the names of all people ? list the dates of debates
can you list the names of all people ? list the dates of debates list all the venues of the the debates
can you list the names of all people ? list the dates of debates list all the venues of the the debates Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the affirmative side.
What are the names of the pilots with IDs 1 and 2 ?
What are the names of the pilots with IDs 1 and 2 ? How many records do they have ?
What are the names of the pilots with IDs 1 and 2 ? How many records do they have ? Which year did they join ?
What are the names of the pilots with IDs 1 and 2 ? How many records do they have ? Which year did they join ? Which are their teams ?
What are the names of the pilots with IDs 1 and 2 ? How many records do they have ? Which year did they join ? Which are their teams ? Show the names of pilots and the number of records they have.
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type .
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type . Show me the access count for books ?
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type . Show me the access count for books ? How about in paper ?
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type . Show me the access count for books ? How about in paper ? Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type.
How many fault logs are there in total ?
How many fault logs are there in total ? How many of those fault logs had faulty parts ?
How many fault logs are there in total ? How many of those fault logs had faulty parts ? What was the fault log ID with the least number of faulty parts ?
How many fault logs are there in total ? How many of those fault logs had faulty parts ? What was the fault log ID with the least number of faulty parts ? What was its description ?
How many fault logs are there in total ? How many of those fault logs had faulty parts ? What was the fault log ID with the least number of faulty parts ? What was its description ? What was the fault log ID with the most number of faulty parts ?
How many fault logs are there in total ? How many of those fault logs had faulty parts ? What was the fault log ID with the least number of faulty parts ? What was its description ? What was the fault log ID with the most number of faulty parts ? What was its description ?
How many fault logs are there in total ? How many of those fault logs had faulty parts ? What was the fault log ID with the least number of faulty parts ? What was its description ? What was the fault log ID with the most number of faulty parts ? What was its description ? How about the record time ?
How many fault logs are there in total ? How many of those fault logs had faulty parts ? What was the fault log ID with the least number of faulty parts ? What was its description ? What was the fault log ID with the most number of faulty parts ? What was its description ? How about the record time ? Which fault log included the most number of faulty parts? List the fault log id, description and record time.
which is the oldest college in the table
which is the oldest college in the table what is the enrollment of the conference | The enrollment of the oldest college is 19067.0 . | list the enrollment and primary-conference of the oldest college
which is the oldest college in the table what is the enrollment of the conference | The enrollment of the oldest college is 19067.0 . | list the enrollment and primary-conference of the oldest college Show the enrollment and primary_conference of the oldest college.
How many customers have loans that total more than 5000 ?
How many customers have loans that total more than 5000 ? What are their names ?
How many customers have loans that total more than 5000 ? What are their names ? What is her account balance ?
How many customers have loans that total more than 5000 ? What are their names ? What is her account balance ? Find the name and account balance of the customers who have loans with a total amount of more than 5000.
can you show me a list of login name ?
can you show me a list of login name ? can you show me a list of password ?
can you show me a list of login name ? can you show me a list of password ? What are the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name "Jaskolski" or "Langosh"?
what are the average revenues of all compaies ?
what are the average revenues of all compaies ? what are the maximum revenues of all companies ?
what are the average revenues of all compaies ? what are the maximum revenues of all companies ? what are the total revenues of all companies ?
what are the average revenues of all compaies ? what are the maximum revenues of all companies ? what are the total revenues of all companies ? What are the average, maximum and total revenues of all companies?
Which department IDs have manager ids that are from 0-100 ?
Which department IDs have manager ids that are from 0-100 ? What about from 100 - 200 ?
Which department IDs have manager ids that are from 0-100 ? What about from 100 - 200 ? What are the employee ids who work in those departments ?
Which department IDs have manager ids that are from 0-100 ? What about from 100 - 200 ? What are the employee ids who work in those departments ? What about employees who do n't work with employees in those departments ?
Which department IDs have manager ids that are from 0-100 ? What about from 100 - 200 ? What are the employee ids who work in those departments ? What about employees who do n't work with employees in those departments ? Find the ids of the employees who does not work in those departments where some employees works whose manager id within the range 100 and 200.
Please show me the type of grape available at Old Kraft Vineyard | The type of grape in the wine with a name of Old Kraft Vineyard is Zinfandel . | What are other wineries that also have Zinfandel ?
Please show me the type of grape available at Old Kraft Vineyard | The type of grape in the wine with a name of Old Kraft Vineyard is Zinfandel . | What are other wineries that also have Zinfandel ? Can you give me the top three wineries with the most white wines ?
Please show me the type of grape available at Old Kraft Vineyard | The type of grape in the wine with a name of Old Kraft Vineyard is Zinfandel . | What are other wineries that also have Zinfandel ? Can you give me the top three wineries with the most white wines ? Which of these have the most white wines ?
Please show me the type of grape available at Old Kraft Vineyard | The type of grape in the wine with a name of Old Kraft Vineyard is Zinfandel . | What are other wineries that also have Zinfandel ? Can you give me the top three wineries with the most white wines ? Which of these have the most white wines ? Find the top 3 wineries with the greatest number of wines made of white color grapes.
Hello there ! Which roll code on this list is the most common ?
Hello there ! Which roll code on this list is the most common ? Great ! Can you tell me how many instances of role code `` researcher '' there are ?
Hello there ! Which roll code on this list is the most common ? Great ! Can you tell me how many instances of role code `` researcher '' there are ? Excellent ! Can you now list for me all of the staff IDs that have researcher as their role code ?
Hello there ! Which roll code on this list is the most common ? Great ! Can you tell me how many instances of role code `` researcher '' there are ? Excellent ! Can you now list for me all of the staff IDs that have researcher as their role code ? Which role is most common for the staff?
Show me all the departments
Show me all the departments Find the names of departments that are located in Houston.
how many student of there
how many student of there how many male students of there
how many student of there how many male students of there how many students from age of 18
how many student of there how many male students of there how many students from age of 18 Show the ids for all the faculty members who have at least 2 students.
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled ?
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled ? What 's that department 's address ?
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled ? What 's that department 's address ? How about employee number ?
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled ? What 's that department 's address ? How about employee number ? What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled?
how many journalist there
how many journalist there what is the Nationality of Herbert Swindells
how many journalist there what is the Nationality of Herbert Swindells what is the age of George Gilchrist
how many journalist there what is the Nationality of Herbert Swindells what is the age of George Gilchrist Find the average age and experience working length of journalists working on different role type.
Hello ! How many customers have an order status of `` On Road '' ?
Hello ! How many customers have an order status of `` On Road '' ? Great ! Of those 8 customers , how many also have the status of `` Shipped '' ?
Hello ! How many customers have an order status of `` On Road '' ? Great ! Of those 8 customers , how many also have the status of `` Shipped '' ? Can you please list the name of that 1 customer please ?
Hello ! How many customers have an order status of `` On Road '' ? Great ! Of those 8 customers , how many also have the status of `` Shipped '' ? Can you please list the name of that 1 customer please ? Find the names of the customers who have order status both "On Road" and "Shipped".
How large is the ROM ? | What do you mean by ROM ? | When the `` Nokia Corporation '' company produces phones , what is the average ROM size implemented into a certain phone .
How large is the ROM ? | What do you mean by ROM ? | When the `` Nokia Corporation '' company produces phones , what is the average ROM size implemented into a certain phone . What is the smallest ROM size of any phone made by company Nokia ?
How large is the ROM ? | What do you mean by ROM ? | When the `` Nokia Corporation '' company produces phones , what is the average ROM size implemented into a certain phone . What is the smallest ROM size of any phone made by company Nokia ? What is the average ROM size of a phone made by company Nokia ?
How large is the ROM ? | What do you mean by ROM ? | When the `` Nokia Corporation '' company produces phones , what is the average ROM size implemented into a certain phone . What is the smallest ROM size of any phone made by company Nokia ? What is the average ROM size of a phone made by company Nokia ? What is the average ROM size of phones produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
Find the ids of the students who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking .
Find the ids of the students who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking . What is activity name of activity id 770 ?
Find the ids of the students who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking . What is activity name of activity id 770 ? Find the ids of the students who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking.
what are the characteristics of the product name 'sesame ' ?
what are the characteristics of the product name 'sesame ' ? how many characteristics does the product name 'sesame ' have ?
what are the characteristics of the product name 'sesame ' ? how many characteristics does the product name 'sesame ' have ? what is the product category code for product name 'sesame '
what are the characteristics of the product name 'sesame ' ? how many characteristics does the product name 'sesame ' have ? what is the product category code for product name 'sesame ' what is the product characteristic value for product name 'sesame '
what are the characteristics of the product name 'sesame ' ? how many characteristics does the product name 'sesame ' have ? what is the product category code for product name 'sesame ' what is the product characteristic value for product name 'sesame ' How many characteristics does the product named "sesame" have?
What are the total number of followers for all users ?
What are the total number of followers for all users ? What are the lowest number of followers ?
What are the total number of followers for all users ? What are the lowest number of followers ? Yes , please .
What are the total number of followers for all users ? What are the lowest number of followers ? Yes , please . Find the name of the user who has the largest number of followers.
Show me all products supplied by supplier id 2 . | Do you mean the product ID of all products supplied by supplier id 2 ? | Yes
Show me all products supplied by supplier id 2 . | Do you mean the product ID of all products supplied by supplier id 2 ? | Yes What is the average price of all products ?
Show me all products supplied by supplier id 2 . | Do you mean the product ID of all products supplied by supplier id 2 ? | Yes What is the average price of all products ? Which of the previous products are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Do you mean to find the names of those products that are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Only the names of those products supplied by supplier id 2 .
Show me all products supplied by supplier id 2 . | Do you mean the product ID of all products supplied by supplier id 2 ? | Yes What is the average price of all products ? Which of the previous products are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Do you mean to find the names of those products that are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Only the names of those products supplied by supplier id 2 . How much does product ID 8 cost ?
Show me all products supplied by supplier id 2 . | Do you mean the product ID of all products supplied by supplier id 2 ? | Yes What is the average price of all products ? Which of the previous products are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Do you mean to find the names of those products that are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Only the names of those products supplied by supplier id 2 . How much does product ID 8 cost ? And product ID 15 ?
Show me all products supplied by supplier id 2 . | Do you mean the product ID of all products supplied by supplier id 2 ? | Yes What is the average price of all products ? Which of the previous products are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Do you mean to find the names of those products that are more expensive than the average price of all products ? | Only the names of those products supplied by supplier id 2 . How much does product ID 8 cost ? And product ID 15 ? Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products.
What were the dates that APP sent their grants ?
What were the dates that APP sent their grants ? Ah . And how many grants can APP have total ?
What were the dates that APP sent their grants ? Ah . And how many grants can APP have total ? No , I mean what is the maximum number of grants that APP can have ?
What were the dates that APP sent their grants ? Ah . And how many grants can APP have total ? No , I mean what is the maximum number of grants that APP can have ? I see . Can you list the id and number for every grand that APP has ?
What were the dates that APP sent their grants ? Ah . And how many grants can APP have total ? No , I mean what is the maximum number of grants that APP can have ? I see . Can you list the id and number for every grand that APP has ? How many documents can one grant have at most? List the grant id and number.
What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from the accounting department ?
What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from the accounting department ? What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from the Computer Info . Systems department ?
What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from the accounting department ? What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from the Computer Info . Systems department ? What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from both the accounting department and the Computer Info . Systems department ?
What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from the accounting department ? What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from the Computer Info . Systems department ? What are the first names of all students who are taking classes from both the accounting department and the Computer Info . Systems department ? Find the first name of student who is taking classes from accounting and Computer Info. Systems departments
Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got an A ?
Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got an A ? Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got a C ?
Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got an A ? Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got a C ? What are their student numbers ?
Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got an A ? Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got a C ? What are their student numbers ? What are the class codes for the students who took some course and got a C ?
Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got an A ? Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got a C ? What are their student numbers ? What are the class codes for the students who took some course and got a C ? What are the student class and gpa of each of those students ?
Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got an A ? Could you please find all the names of the students who took some course and got a C ? What are their student numbers ? What are the class codes for the students who took some course and got a C ? What are the student class and gpa of each of those students ? Find names of all students who took some course and got A or C.
What year did the IFG Club form ?
What year did the IFG Club form ? And the club with the name `` AIB ''
What year did the IFG Club form ? And the club with the name `` AIB '' What is the position of the player `` Michael Platt '' ?
What year did the IFG Club form ? And the club with the name `` AIB '' What is the position of the player `` Michael Platt '' ? What is the average points of players from club with name "AIB".
What type of organizations are there ?
What type of organizations are there ? And what is the organization ids detailed as `` quo '' ?
What type of organizations are there ? And what is the organization ids detailed as `` quo '' ? And what is this organization 's type ?
What type of organizations are there ? And what is the organization ids detailed as `` quo '' ? And what is this organization 's type ? And what is the total number of RES organizations ?
What type of organizations are there ? And what is the organization ids detailed as `` quo '' ? And what is this organization 's type ? And what is the total number of RES organizations ? Find the organisation type description of the organisation detailed as 'quo'.
Show the game name that has most number of hours played .
Show the game name that has most number of hours played . Show the game that least number of hours played .
Show the game name that has most number of hours played . Show the game that least number of hours played . how many student played the game ? | Would you like to know how many entries in the plays games table correspond to The Vanishing of Eric Calder ? | yes
Show the game name that has most number of hours played . Show the game that least number of hours played . how many student played the game ? | Would you like to know how many entries in the plays games table correspond to The Vanishing of Eric Calder ? | yes Show the game name that has most number of hours played.
List the name of the school with the highest enrollment ?
List the name of the school with the highest enrollment ? Which school is the top enrollment ?
List the name of the school with the highest enrollment ? Which school is the top enrollment ? List the name of the school with the smallest enrollment.
List the countries more than two swimmer ?
List the countries more than two swimmer ? what is the name of swimmer with id 5 ?
List the countries more than two swimmer ? what is the name of swimmer with id 5 ? whats is nationality of the craif colbertaldo ?
List the countries more than two swimmer ? what is the name of swimmer with id 5 ? whats is nationality of the craif colbertaldo ? how many swimmer in the list ?
List the countries more than two swimmer ? what is the name of swimmer with id 5 ? whats is nationality of the craif colbertaldo ? how many swimmer in the list ? what is the name of the swimmer id 4 ?
List the countries more than two swimmer ? what is the name of swimmer with id 5 ? whats is nationality of the craif colbertaldo ? how many swimmer in the list ? what is the name of the swimmer id 4 ? List countries that have more than one swimmer.
What are the dates of assessment notes for students with first name 'Fanny ' ?
What are the dates of assessment notes for students with first name 'Fanny ' ? Could you tell me the dates students with first name 'Fanny ' left the university ?
What are the dates of assessment notes for students with first name 'Fanny ' ? Could you tell me the dates students with first name 'Fanny ' left the university ? What are the cell mobile numbers of students with the first name 'Fanny ' ?
What are the dates of assessment notes for students with first name 'Fanny ' ? Could you tell me the dates students with first name 'Fanny ' left the university ? What are the cell mobile numbers of students with the first name 'Fanny ' ? Find the dates of assessment notes for students with first name "Fanny".
Which accelerator did the client user have ? | Do you mean the name of the accelerator that the client named user has ? | Yes
Which accelerator did the client user have ? | Do you mean the name of the accelerator that the client named user has ? | Yes Which one of this contains a substring called Opera ? | Do you mean the name of the accelerators whose name contains a substring called `` Opera '' and that the client named user has ? | Yes
Which accelerator did the client user have ? | Do you mean the name of the accelerator that the client named user has ? | Yes Which one of this contains a substring called Opera ? | Do you mean the name of the accelerators whose name contains a substring called `` Opera '' and that the client named user has ? | Yes Which operating system did the client End user , ISP have ?
Which accelerator did the client user have ? | Do you mean the name of the accelerator that the client named user has ? | Yes Which one of this contains a substring called Opera ? | Do you mean the name of the accelerators whose name contains a substring called `` Opera '' and that the client named user has ? | Yes Which operating system did the client End user , ISP have ? Which accelerator name contains substring "Opera"?
How many courses are taught ?
How many courses are taught ? How many different course authors are there ?
How many courses are taught ? How many different course authors are there ? What is the name of the author who teaches the most courses ? | Which kinds of names do you prefer ? | personal name
How many courses are taught ? How many different course authors are there ? What is the name of the author who teaches the most courses ? | Which kinds of names do you prefer ? | personal name what is the family name ?
How many courses are taught ? How many different course authors are there ? What is the name of the author who teaches the most courses ? | Which kinds of names do you prefer ? | personal name what is the family name ? What is the author id ?
How many courses are taught ? How many different course authors are there ? What is the name of the author who teaches the most courses ? | Which kinds of names do you prefer ? | personal name what is the family name ? What is the author id ? Find the personal name, family name, and author ID of the course author that teaches the most courses.
How many documents are named `` Robin CV '' ?
How many documents are named `` Robin CV '' ? What is the document id of that document ?
How many documents are named `` Robin CV '' ? What is the document id of that document ? What is the date in location from for this document ?
How many documents are named `` Robin CV '' ? What is the document id of that document ? What is the date in location from for this document ? What is the date in location to date ?
How many documents are named `` Robin CV '' ? What is the document id of that document ? What is the date in location from for this document ? What is the date in location to date ? What is "the date in location from" and "the date in location to" for the document with name "Robin CV"?
Can you list all the product type codes that have two or more products ?
Can you list all the product type codes that have two or more products ? What is the name of the product with the greatest price ?
Can you list all the product type codes that have two or more products ? What is the name of the product with the greatest price ? What are the names of all products with prices over 3000 ?
Can you list all the product type codes that have two or more products ? What is the name of the product with the greatest price ? What are the names of all products with prices over 3000 ? Show the product type codes that have at least two products.
How many transactions share a count smaller than 50 ?
How many transactions share a count smaller than 50 ? What lots are associate with those transactions with a count smaller than 50 ? | Do you mean all the information about lots or some specific attributes ? | What are all of the details about the lots ?
How many transactions share a count smaller than 50 ? What lots are associate with those transactions with a count smaller than 50 ? | Do you mean all the information about lots or some specific attributes ? | What are all of the details about the lots ? What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50?
Can you list all the cmi cross reference id on here
Can you list all the cmi cross reference id on here can i have the master customer id
Can you list all the cmi cross reference id on here can i have the master customer id What Are the source system code of CMI_Cross_References
Can you list all the cmi cross reference id on here can i have the master customer id What Are the source system code of CMI_Cross_References What is the cmi cross reference id that is related to at least one council tax entry? List the cross reference id and source system code.
can you show me a list of grades ?
can you show me a list of grades ? can you show me a list of first name that starting with 'J ' ?
can you show me a list of grades ? can you show me a list of first name that starting with 'J ' ? can you show me a list of last name that starting with 'J ' ?
can you show me a list of grades ? can you show me a list of first name that starting with 'J ' ? can you show me a list of last name that starting with 'J ' ? can you show me a list of teacher class room ?
can you show me a list of grades ? can you show me a list of first name that starting with 'J ' ? can you show me a list of last name that starting with 'J ' ? can you show me a list of teacher class room ? `` Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI .
can you show me a list of grades ? can you show me a list of first name that starting with 'J ' ? can you show me a list of last name that starting with 'J ' ? can you show me a list of teacher class room ? `` Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI . Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI.
Can you please provide me with a list of all customer names and phone numbers ?
Can you please provide me with a list of all customer names and phone numbers ? Can you filter that list of customers to show only those who have 'No Response ' as their outcome code ?
Can you please provide me with a list of all customer names and phone numbers ? Can you filter that list of customers to show only those who have 'No Response ' as their outcome code ? Can you please provide me with the phone number and email addresses of these five customers ?
Can you please provide me with a list of all customer names and phone numbers ? Can you filter that list of customers to show only those who have 'No Response ' as their outcome code ? Can you please provide me with the phone number and email addresses of these five customers ? Show the name and phone for customers with a mailshot with outcome code 'No Response'.
what are the departments ? | Do you want the names of all department ? | yes
what are the departments ? | Do you want the names of all department ? | yes which department has the most employees ?
what are the departments ? | Do you want the names of all department ? | yes which department has the most employees ? how many employees does Psychiatry have ?
what are the departments ? | Do you want the names of all department ? | yes which department has the most employees ? how many employees does Psychiatry have ? how many employees does surgery have ?
what are the departments ? | Do you want the names of all department ? | yes which department has the most employees ? how many employees does Psychiatry have ? how many employees does surgery have ? what about general medicine ?
what are the departments ? | Do you want the names of all department ? | yes which department has the most employees ? how many employees does Psychiatry have ? how many employees does surgery have ? what about general medicine ? Which department has the largest number of employees?
Tell me the club description for club id 1 ?
Tell me the club description for club id 1 ? Tell me the position for the student id 1001 ? | Do you mean the city code for students ? | yes
Tell me the club description for club id 1 ? Tell me the position for the student id 1001 ? | Do you mean the city code for students ? | yes How many clubs does the student named 'Eric TAI ' belong to ?
Tell me the club description for club id 1 ? Tell me the position for the student id 1001 ? | Do you mean the city code for students ? | yes How many clubs does the student named 'Eric TAI ' belong to ? How many clubs does the student named "Eric Tai" belong to?
Find the customer id of Savannah ?
Find the customer id of Savannah ? Which date of order placed in Alberto ?
Find the customer id of Savannah ? Which date of order placed in Alberto ? What are the customer details of order id 2 ?
Find the customer id of Savannah ? Which date of order placed in Alberto ? What are the customer details of order id 2 ? Find the details of all distinct customers who have orders with status `` On Road '' .
Find the customer id of Savannah ? Which date of order placed in Alberto ? What are the customer details of order id 2 ? Find the details of all distinct customers who have orders with status `` On Road '' . Find the details of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "On Road".
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? What are their names ?
How many students are there ? What are their names ? Can I see a list of students who 's first name contains letter `` a '' ?
How many students are there ? What are their names ? Can I see a list of students who 's first name contains letter `` a '' ? Find the first names of students whose first names contain letter "a".
Show me the details of the body builders | Which information would you like to know about the body builders ? | Heights of the body builders
Show me the details of the body builders | Which information would you like to know about the body builders ? | Heights of the body builders Show me the scores of the body builders | Which score , Snatch , Clean Jerk , or Total ? | Total score
Show me the details of the body builders | Which information would you like to know about the body builders ? | Heights of the body builders Show me the scores of the body builders | Which score , Snatch , Clean Jerk , or Total ? | Total score Show me the heights of body builders with total score smaller than 315
Show me the details of the body builders | Which information would you like to know about the body builders ? | Heights of the body builders Show me the scores of the body builders | Which score , Snatch , Clean Jerk , or Total ? | Total score Show me the heights of body builders with total score smaller than 315 What are the heights of body builders with total score smaller than 315?
How many movies altogether do you have ?
How many movies altogether do you have ? What is the number of reviewers ?
How many movies altogether do you have ? What is the number of reviewers ? Can you tell me the ids of the movies not reviewed by Brittany Harris ?
How many movies altogether do you have ? What is the number of reviewers ? Can you tell me the ids of the movies not reviewed by Brittany Harris ? What are the ids of the movies that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris.
How many schools are in Walkerton ?
How many schools are in Walkerton ? How many donors have endowment for the school named Glenn ?
How many schools are in Walkerton ? How many donors have endowment for the school named Glenn ? How many donors have endowment for school named "Glenn"?
How many transactions have the type code PUR ?
How many transactions have the type code PUR ? How many transactions have a share count larger than 50 ?
How many transactions have the type code PUR ? How many transactions have a share count larger than 50 ? What is the least amount of transactions that have both a type code of PUR and a share count larger than 50 ?
How many transactions have the type code PUR ? How many transactions have a share count larger than 50 ? What is the least amount of transactions that have both a type code of PUR and a share count larger than 50 ? How many transactions have the type code PUR and a share count larger than 50 ?
How many transactions have the type code PUR ? How many transactions have a share count larger than 50 ? What is the least amount of transactions that have both a type code of PUR and a share count larger than 50 ? How many transactions have the type code PUR and a share count larger than 50 ? Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is "PUR" and whose share count is bigger than 50.
What are the engineers first names ? | Do you mean the first name of all the engineers ? | Yes please
What are the engineers first names ? | Do you mean the first name of all the engineers ? | Yes please I want to know all the engineers corresponding skill description ? | Do you mean the corresponding skill description for all the engineers ? | Yes please
What are the engineers first names ? | Do you mean the first name of all the engineers ? | Yes please I want to know all the engineers corresponding skill description ? | Do you mean the corresponding skill description for all the engineers ? | Yes please What are the details for all the engineers ? | Do you mean the other details for all the engineers ? | Yes please
What are the engineers first names ? | Do you mean the first name of all the engineers ? | Yes please I want to know all the engineers corresponding skill description ? | Do you mean the corresponding skill description for all the engineers ? | Yes please What are the details for all the engineers ? | Do you mean the other details for all the engineers ? | Yes please Lastly , i will like to know the last name of all the engineers ?
What are the engineers first names ? | Do you mean the first name of all the engineers ? | Yes please I want to know all the engineers corresponding skill description ? | Do you mean the corresponding skill description for all the engineers ? | Yes please What are the details for all the engineers ? | Do you mean the other details for all the engineers ? | Yes please Lastly , i will like to know the last name of all the engineers ? List all every engineer's first name, last name, details and coresponding skill description.
How many representatives are republicans ?
How many representatives are republicans ? And democrats ?
How many representatives are republicans ? And democrats ? WHich representative has the lowest votes ?
How many representatives are republicans ? And democrats ? WHich representative has the lowest votes ? What party is this representative in ?
How many representatives are republicans ? And democrats ? WHich representative has the lowest votes ? What party is this representative in ? What is the party of the representative that has the smallest number of votes.
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ? List major and the number of students .
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ? List major and the number of students . Which major has highest number of students ? List the students First name ?
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ? List major and the number of students . Which major has highest number of students ? List the students First name ? Which major has least number of students ? List the students First name ?
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ? List major and the number of students . Which major has highest number of students ? List the students First name ? Which major has least number of students ? List the students First name ? Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students? List major and the number of students.
How many songs have a resolution below 800 ?
How many songs have a resolution below 800 ? What are the file sizes of those songs ?
How many songs have a resolution below 800 ? What are the file sizes of those songs ? What are the formats for the songs with a resolution below 800 ?
How many songs have a resolution below 800 ? What are the file sizes of those songs ? What are the formats for the songs with a resolution below 800 ? List the file size and format for all songs that have resolution lower than 800.
Hello there ! Can you tell me what is the sum total of the populations of the three districts with the largest area ?
Hello there ! Can you tell me what is the sum total of the populations of the three districts with the largest area ? Excellent ! Can you tell me the district name associated with the largest population ?
Hello there ! Can you tell me what is the sum total of the populations of the three districts with the largest area ? Excellent ! Can you tell me the district name associated with the largest population ? Wonderful ! Can you show me the city 's population total and the city 's area ?
Hello there ! Can you tell me what is the sum total of the populations of the three districts with the largest area ? Excellent ! Can you tell me the district name associated with the largest population ? Wonderful ! Can you show me the city 's population total and the city 's area ? Find the total population of the top 3 districts with the largest area.
Hello Can you provide me with a list of all of the different department names ?
Hello Can you provide me with a list of all of the different department names ? That 's great ! Now can you update this list to include the total number of students for each department ?
Hello Can you provide me with a list of all of the different department names ? That 's great ! Now can you update this list to include the total number of students for each department ? Can you update this list to show the Department Name , Department Address , and number of students for the 3 departments with the highest number of students ?
Hello Can you provide me with a list of all of the different department names ? That 's great ! Now can you update this list to include the total number of students for each department ? Can you update this list to show the Department Name , Department Address , and number of students for the 3 departments with the highest number of students ? Find the name, address, number of students in the departments that have the top 3 highest number of students.
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001 ?
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001 ? List the 3 highest salaries of players on ATL in 2001 .
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001 ? List the 3 highest salaries of players on ATL in 2001 . List the 3 highest salaries of players in the NL in 2001 .
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001 ? List the 3 highest salaries of players on ATL in 2001 . List the 3 highest salaries of players in the NL in 2001 . List the 3 highest salaries of players in the AL in 2001
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001 ? List the 3 highest salaries of players on ATL in 2001 . List the 3 highest salaries of players in the NL in 2001 . List the 3 highest salaries of players in the AL in 2001 List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001?
Can you show me the numbers of the apartments ?
Can you show me the numbers of the apartments ? Of those apartments , which ones have more than 2 bedrooms ?
Can you show me the numbers of the apartments ? Of those apartments , which ones have more than 2 bedrooms ? Can you provide the booking start dates and end dates , for all the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ?
Can you show me the numbers of the apartments ? Of those apartments , which ones have more than 2 bedrooms ? Can you provide the booking start dates and end dates , for all the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ? What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
What is the highest number of enrollments any student has ?
What is the highest number of enrollments any student has ? How many students have 5 enrollments ?
What is the highest number of enrollments any student has ? How many students have 5 enrollments ? What is that student 's registration ID ?
What is the highest number of enrollments any student has ? How many students have 5 enrollments ? What is that student 's registration ID ? Can you give me the student ID of registration ID 19 ?
What is the highest number of enrollments any student has ? How many students have 5 enrollments ? What is that student 's registration ID ? Can you give me the student ID of registration ID 19 ? What is the personal name of student ID 15 ?
What is the highest number of enrollments any student has ? How many students have 5 enrollments ? What is that student 's registration ID ? Can you give me the student ID of registration ID 19 ? What is the personal name of student ID 15 ? Find the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments.
Find the titles of all the albums of the artist AC/DC ?
Find the titles of all the albums of the artist AC/DC ? Find the titles of all the albums of the artist Aerosmith please ?
Find the titles of all the albums of the artist AC/DC ? Find the titles of all the albums of the artist Aerosmith please ? What are the titles of all the albums by artist id 4 ?
Find the titles of all the albums of the artist AC/DC ? Find the titles of all the albums of the artist Aerosmith please ? What are the titles of all the albums by artist id 4 ? Find the title of all the albums of the artist "AC/DC".
Show me the title of album id 1 ?
Show me the title of album id 1 ? Show me the name of artist with artist id 3 ?
Show me the title of album id 1 ? Show me the name of artist with artist id 3 ? Show me the names of all artist ?
Show me the title of album id 1 ? Show me the name of artist with artist id 3 ? Show me the names of all artist ? Show me the list of all id and names of all artists that have at least 3 albums in alphabetical order ?
Show me the title of album id 1 ? Show me the name of artist with artist id 3 ? Show me the names of all artist ? Show me the list of all id and names of all artists that have at least 3 albums in alphabetical order ? Please list the name and id of all artists that have at least 3 albums in alphabetical order.
What is Dayana Robel policy id ?
What is Dayana Robel policy id ? And what are policy type code associated with this id ?
What is Dayana Robel policy id ? And what are policy type code associated with this id ? On which date did this policy start ?
What is Dayana Robel policy id ? And what are policy type code associated with this id ? On which date did this policy start ? And on which date did it end ?
What is Dayana Robel policy id ? And what are policy type code associated with this id ? On which date did this policy start ? And on which date did it end ? Find all the policy type codes associated with the customer "Dayana Robel"
What booking made date of service id 1 ?
What booking made date of service id 1 ? What are the service name of booking id 2 ?
What booking made date of service id 1 ? What are the service name of booking id 2 ? What are the service description of service type code Welfare ?
What booking made date of service id 1 ? What are the service name of booking id 2 ? What are the service description of service type code Welfare ? Find mane of the service that has never been used .
What booking made date of service id 1 ? What are the service name of booking id 2 ? What are the service description of service type code Welfare ? Find mane of the service that has never been used . Find name of the services that has never been used.
How many customers are there ?
How many customers are there ? How many orders each customer have ?
How many customers are there ? How many orders each customer have ? Can you provide me with the list of id and status of orders of the customer named `` Jeramie '' ?
How many customers are there ? How many orders each customer have ? Can you provide me with the list of id and status of orders of the customer named `` Jeramie '' ? Give me a list of id and status of orders which belong to the customer named "Jeramie".
what are the name of the reviewers ?
what are the name of the reviewers ? how many of them have given ratings higher than 3 ?
what are the name of the reviewers ? how many of them have given ratings higher than 3 ? can you tell me their names ?
what are the name of the reviewers ? how many of them have given ratings higher than 3 ? can you tell me their names ? Find the names of reviewers who had given higher than 3 star ratings.
Which donators have a donation amount above 8.5 ?
Which donators have a donation amount above 8.5 ? Which school ids have at least two of those donators ?
Which donators have a donation amount above 8.5 ? Which school ids have at least two of those donators ? What are the schools names ?
Which donators have a donation amount above 8.5 ? Which school ids have at least two of those donators ? What are the schools names ? Find the names of schools that have more than one donator with donation amount above 8.5.
what is the highest booked amount
what is the highest booked amount what is the minimum booked count for products booked
what is the highest booked amount what is the minimum booked count for products booked what is the maximum booked count
what is the highest booked amount what is the minimum booked count for products booked what is the maximum booked count what is the least booked amount
what is the highest booked amount what is the minimum booked count for products booked what is the maximum booked count what is the least booked amount What are the maximum, minimum, and average booked count for the products booked?
Who is the tallest gymnast ?
Who is the tallest gymnast ? How tall is Nadia Caba Rodríguez ?
Who is the tallest gymnast ? How tall is Nadia Caba Rodríguez ? Great , can you list the names of the gymnasts in ascending order by their heights ?
Who is the tallest gymnast ? How tall is Nadia Caba Rodríguez ? Great , can you list the names of the gymnasts in ascending order by their heights ? List the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights.
Which classroom has the most students ?
Which classroom has the most students ? Could you tell me what grade that is , please ?
Which classroom has the most students ? Could you tell me what grade that is , please ? What are the first names of the students in that classroom that begin with the letter `` S '' ?
Which classroom has the most students ? Could you tell me what grade that is , please ? What are the first names of the students in that classroom that begin with the letter `` S '' ? Which classroom has the most students?
What is the customer ID of America Jaskolski
What is the customer ID of America Jaskolski How many customer listed ?
What is the customer ID of America Jaskolski How many customer listed ? What is the date opened for customer ID 214 ?
What is the customer ID of America Jaskolski How many customer listed ? What is the date opened for customer ID 214 ? How many policies are listed for the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
Can you list the names of all the tourist attractions ?
Can you list the names of all the tourist attractions ? Hmm , I want to know the names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus .
Can you list the names of all the tourist attractions ? Hmm , I want to know the names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus . Can you also tell me the name of the tourist attraction that is at address 254 Ottilie Junction ?
Can you list the names of all the tourist attractions ? Hmm , I want to know the names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus . Can you also tell me the name of the tourist attraction that is at address 254 Ottilie Junction ? Can you list the location names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus ?
Can you list the names of all the tourist attractions ? Hmm , I want to know the names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus . Can you also tell me the name of the tourist attraction that is at address 254 Ottilie Junction ? Can you list the location names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus ? Can you list the location addresses ?
Can you list the names of all the tourist attractions ? Hmm , I want to know the names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus . Can you also tell me the name of the tourist attraction that is at address 254 Ottilie Junction ? Can you list the location names of the tourist attractions that can be reached by bus ? Can you list the location addresses ? What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or is at address 254 Ottilie Junction?
What is the student_capacity of Smith Hall ? | Are you asking about the student capacity of the dorm named Smith Hall ? | Yes
What is the student_capacity of Smith Hall ? | Are you asking about the student capacity of the dorm named Smith Hall ? | Yes How May female Dorm are there ?
What is the student_capacity of Smith Hall ? | Are you asking about the student capacity of the dorm named Smith Hall ? | Yes How May female Dorm are there ? What is the amenity_name of Dorm_amenity ? | Did you want all amenity names for dorms ? | Yes
What is the student_capacity of Smith Hall ? | Are you asking about the student capacity of the dorm named Smith Hall ? | Yes How May female Dorm are there ? What is the amenity_name of Dorm_amenity ? | Did you want all amenity names for dorms ? | Yes List name of all amenities which Anonymous Donor Hall has , and sort the result in alphabetic order .
What is the student_capacity of Smith Hall ? | Are you asking about the student capacity of the dorm named Smith Hall ? | Yes How May female Dorm are there ? What is the amenity_name of Dorm_amenity ? | Did you want all amenity names for dorms ? | Yes List name of all amenities which Anonymous Donor Hall has , and sort the result in alphabetic order . List name of all amenities which Anonymous Donor Hall has, and sort the results in alphabetic order.
Show me the names of students | Do you mean full names of all the students ? | Yes
Show me the names of students | Do you mean full names of all the students ? | Yes Show me the Age list of all students
Show me the names of students | Do you mean full names of all the students ? | Yes Show me the Age list of all students Show me the first and last name of students whose age is younger than the average age
Show me the names of students | Do you mean full names of all the students ? | Yes Show me the Age list of all students Show me the first and last name of students whose age is younger than the average age Find the first and last name of students whose age is younger than the average age.
How many projects are there ?
How many projects are there ? How many of those projects did not hire anyone for a researcher role ?
How many projects are there ? How many of those projects did not hire anyone for a researcher role ? What are the details of those projects ?
How many projects are there ? How many of those projects did not hire anyone for a researcher role ? What are the details of those projects ? List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role.
Hi , I was wondering how many users do not have tweets ?
Hi , I was wondering how many users do not have tweets ? Great , what is the average number of followers for everyone in the data set ?
Hi , I was wondering how many users do not have tweets ? Great , what is the average number of followers for everyone in the data set ? Okay , and what about the average followers for those who do have tweets ?
Hi , I was wondering how many users do not have tweets ? Great , what is the average number of followers for everyone in the data set ? Okay , and what about the average followers for those who do have tweets ? And what was the average followers for those who do not have any tweets ?
Hi , I was wondering how many users do not have tweets ? Great , what is the average number of followers for everyone in the data set ? Okay , and what about the average followers for those who do have tweets ? And what was the average followers for those who do not have any tweets ? Find the average number of followers for the users who do not have any tweet.
Whose savings balance is lower than their checking balance ?
Whose savings balance is lower than their checking balance ? What is the total balance of `` Weeks '' Checking and savings .
Whose savings balance is lower than their checking balance ? What is the total balance of `` Weeks '' Checking and savings . Also , what is their customer ID ? | Weeks 's id ? | yes , Weeks ' ID , please .
Whose savings balance is lower than their checking balance ? What is the total balance of `` Weeks '' Checking and savings . Also , what is their customer ID ? | Weeks 's id ? | yes , Weeks ' ID , please . Find the name and total checking and savings balance of the accounts whose savings balance is lower than corresponding checking balance.
What are all of the scientists ' names please ?
What are all of the scientists ' names please ? What are the project names of all of them ?
What are all of the scientists ' names please ? What are the project names of all of them ? Can you show the hours they each worked too , please ?
What are all of the scientists ' names please ? What are the project names of all of them ? Can you show the hours they each worked too , please ? Can you please order them in alphabetical order of project , and then of scientist name ?
What are all of the scientists ' names please ? What are the project names of all of them ? Can you show the hours they each worked too , please ? Can you please order them in alphabetical order of project , and then of scientist name ? What are the average hours worked by all scientists , please ? | Do you mean average hours on each project among all scientists ? | Yes , please .
What are all of the scientists ' names please ? What are the project names of all of them ? Can you show the hours they each worked too , please ? Can you please order them in alphabetical order of project , and then of scientist name ? What are the average hours worked by all scientists , please ? | Do you mean average hours on each project among all scientists ? | Yes , please . List all the scientists' names, their projects' names, and the hours worked by that scientist on each project, in alphabetical order of project name, and then scientist name.
How many students are enrolled in any type of accounting course ? | Do you mean the course taught by some professor from the accounting department ? | Yes
How many students are enrolled in any type of accounting course ? | Do you mean the course taught by some professor from the accounting department ? | Yes And what are their student numbers ?
How many students are enrolled in any type of accounting course ? | Do you mean the course taught by some professor from the accounting department ? | Yes And what are their student numbers ? And what about the course code that they are enrolled in ?
How many students are enrolled in any type of accounting course ? | Do you mean the course taught by some professor from the accounting department ? | Yes And what are their student numbers ? And what about the course code that they are enrolled in ? Yes , what is the class time ? | Do you want to know all class time ? | NO , only for ACCT-211
How many students are enrolled in any type of accounting course ? | Do you mean the course taught by some professor from the accounting department ? | Yes And what are their student numbers ? And what about the course code that they are enrolled in ? Yes , what is the class time ? | Do you want to know all class time ? | NO , only for ACCT-211 How many students are enrolled in the class taught by some professor from the accounting department?
Which employee is the highest paid ?
Which employee is the highest paid ? Which is the employee with the lowest pay ?
Which employee is the highest paid ? Which is the employee with the lowest pay ? display job title and average salary of employees.
The song The way was issued on what date ?
The song The way was issued on what date ? the song The way was issued what volume ?
The song The way was issued on what date ? the song The way was issued what volume ? what 's the artist id for Everybody Have Fun Tonight
The song The way was issued on what date ? the song The way was issued what volume ? what 's the artist id for Everybody Have Fun Tonight Give me the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top
The song The way was issued on what date ? the song The way was issued what volume ? what 's the artist id for Everybody Have Fun Tonight Give me the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top What is the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top?
hi . how many countries of origin are represented by the artists ?
hi . how many countries of origin are represented by the artists ? and which artist has made the least number of songs ?
hi . how many countries of origin are represented by the artists ? and which artist has made the least number of songs ? OK. and what is that artist 's country of origin ? | Do you mean the country of the artist named Enrique ? | yes
hi . how many countries of origin are represented by the artists ? and which artist has made the least number of songs ? OK. and what is that artist 's country of origin ? | Do you mean the country of the artist named Enrique ? | yes Find the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs?
WHAT ARE THE BROWSERS LISTED IN THE TABLE
WHAT ARE THE BROWSERS LISTED IN THE TABLE WHICH BROWSER IS COMPATIBLE WITH ACCELERATOR 'CPROXY ' AFTER YEAR 1998
WHAT ARE THE BROWSERS LISTED IN THE TABLE WHICH BROWSER IS COMPATIBLE WITH ACCELERATOR 'CPROXY ' AFTER YEAR 1998 WHAT IS THE BROWSER ID OF OPERA
WHAT ARE THE BROWSERS LISTED IN THE TABLE WHICH BROWSER IS COMPATIBLE WITH ACCELERATOR 'CPROXY ' AFTER YEAR 1998 WHAT IS THE BROWSER ID OF OPERA What is the name of the browser that became compatible with the accelerator 'CProxy' after year 1998 ?
Which California State University is located in Kern County ?
Which California State University is located in Kern County ? What year was California State University-Chico started ?
Which California State University is located in Kern County ? What year was California State University-Chico started ? Which campus has the smallest faculty
Which California State University is located in Kern County ? What year was California State University-Chico started ? Which campus has the smallest faculty Which campus was started in 2002 ?
Which California State University is located in Kern County ? What year was California State University-Chico started ? Which campus has the smallest faculty Which campus was started in 2002 ? Find the names of the campus which has more faculties in 2002 than every campus in Orange county.
Please list staff names of staff assigned to at least 1 problem | First or last name ? | both
Please list staff names of staff assigned to at least 1 problem | First or last name ? | both Now just list the staff who are assigned to problem id 1
Please list staff names of staff assigned to at least 1 problem | First or last name ? | both Now just list the staff who are assigned to problem id 1 List the first and last names of all distinct staff members who are assigned to the problem whose id is 1.
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ? What is the id of the driver who participated in the least races after 2010 ?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ? What is the id of the driver who participated in the least races after 2010 ? Hmm . Can you also give me his last name .
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ? What is the id of the driver who participated in the least races after 2010 ? Hmm . Can you also give me his last name . Okay . How many races did he participate in ?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ? What is the id of the driver who participated in the least races after 2010 ? Hmm . Can you also give me his last name . Okay . How many races did he participate in ? How many races did Hamilton participate in after 2010 ?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010 ? What is the id of the driver who participated in the least races after 2010 ? Hmm . Can you also give me his last name . Okay . How many races did he participate in ? How many races did Hamilton participate in after 2010 ? What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010?
Which weddings took place after 2014 ?
Which weddings took place after 2014 ? What are the male names in weddings after 2014 ?
Which weddings took place after 2014 ? What are the male names in weddings after 2014 ? What are the female names in weddings after 2014 ?
Which weddings took place after 2014 ? What are the male names in weddings after 2014 ? What are the female names in weddings after 2014 ? Show the pair of male and female names in all weddings after year 2014
Show publishers that have less than one publication ?
Show publishers that have less than one publication ? Show all the publishers ?
Show publishers that have less than one publication ? Show all the publishers ? What is the highest price that a publisher earns ?
Show publishers that have less than one publication ? Show all the publishers ? What is the highest price that a publisher earns ? What is the lowest price that a publisher earns ?
Show publishers that have less than one publication ? Show all the publishers ? What is the highest price that a publisher earns ? What is the lowest price that a publisher earns ? Show publishers that have more than one publication.
Show me the company details
Show me the company details Show me the details of all entrepreneurs
Show me the company details Show me the details of all entrepreneurs Show me the company of the tallest entrepreneur
Show me the company details Show me the details of all entrepreneurs Show me the company of the tallest entrepreneur Show the company of the tallest entrepreneur.
How many participants are there ?
How many participants are there ? How about the total number of events ?
How many participants are there ? How about the total number of events ? Can you list the events that have participents whose details had the substring 'Dr . ' ?
How many participants are there ? How about the total number of events ? Can you list the events that have participents whose details had the substring 'Dr . ' ? Can you please list all those events with their participants ' names ?
How many participants are there ? How about the total number of events ? Can you list the events that have participents whose details had the substring 'Dr . ' ? Can you please list all those events with their participants ' names ? How many events had participants whose details had the substring 'Dr.'
Show the train name and station name for each train
Show the train name and station name for each train Give me total passengers on each station
Show the train name and station name for each train Give me total passengers on each station Give me main services for each station
Show the train name and station name for each train Give me total passengers on each station Give me main services for each station show the train name and station name for each train.
Please show me the ids of the students who play video games and play sports ?
Please show me the ids of the students who play video games and play sports ? Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
Hello there ! How are you doing tonight ! ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the artist names in this database ?
Hello there ! How are you doing tonight ! ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the artist names in this database ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter that list to show only the artist_names who have song for which the country code is the UK ?
Hello there ! How are you doing tonight ! ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the artist names in this database ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter that list to show only the artist_names who have song for which the country code is the UK ? Return the names of singers who are from UK and released an English song.
Hi , can you tell me how many trips there have been , starting from August ?
Hi , can you tell me how many trips there have been , starting from August ? oh wow that 's a lot ! and how many stations have those started from ?
Hi , can you tell me how many trips there have been , starting from August ? oh wow that 's a lot ! and how many stations have those started from ? how many trips started from there ?
Hi , can you tell me how many trips there have been , starting from August ? oh wow that 's a lot ! and how many stations have those started from ? how many trips started from there ? Could you tell me the ID and name of the San Francisco station ?
Hi , can you tell me how many trips there have been , starting from August ? oh wow that 's a lot ! and how many stations have those started from ? how many trips started from there ? Could you tell me the ID and name of the San Francisco station ? Which start station had the most trips starting from August? Give me the name and id of the station.
Please list all unique Product Names
Please list all unique Product Names Now please list all unique product type codes
Please list all unique Product Names Now please list all unique product type codes now please show the product type codes which have at least two products
Please list all unique Product Names Now please list all unique product type codes now please show the product type codes which have at least two products Show the product type codes which have at least two products.
Which state have more than 2 staff members living there ?
Which state have more than 2 staff members living there ? Of those 2 states , which ones have less than 4 staff members living there ?
Which state have more than 2 staff members living there ? Of those 2 states , which ones have less than 4 staff members living there ? Precisely how many staff members live in Connecticut ?
Which state have more than 2 staff members living there ? Of those 2 states , which ones have less than 4 staff members living there ? Precisely how many staff members live in Connecticut ? Can you list the first names of these 3 staff members ?
Which state have more than 2 staff members living there ? Of those 2 states , which ones have less than 4 staff members living there ? Precisely how many staff members live in Connecticut ? Can you list the first names of these 3 staff members ? Can you provide me with the nickname of Janessa ?
Which state have more than 2 staff members living there ? Of those 2 states , which ones have less than 4 staff members living there ? Precisely how many staff members live in Connecticut ? Can you list the first names of these 3 staff members ? Can you provide me with the nickname of Janessa ? Of the 3 staff members living in Connecticut , can you tell me which one joined the staff first ?
Which state have more than 2 staff members living there ? Of those 2 states , which ones have less than 4 staff members living there ? Precisely how many staff members live in Connecticut ? Can you list the first names of these 3 staff members ? Can you provide me with the nickname of Janessa ? Of the 3 staff members living in Connecticut , can you tell me which one joined the staff first ? List the states which have between 2 to 4 staffs living there.
Hello ! Can you first give me a list of all of the countries ?
Hello ! Can you first give me a list of all of the countries ? Great ! Which of these countries has the most airlines with an Active status of `` Y '' ?
Hello ! Can you first give me a list of all of the countries ? Great ! Which of these countries has the most airlines with an Active status of `` Y '' ? Can you tell me what is the total number of airlines in the United States that have an active status of `` Y '' ?
Hello ! Can you first give me a list of all of the countries ? Great ! Which of these countries has the most airlines with an Active status of `` Y '' ? Can you tell me what is the total number of airlines in the United States that have an active status of `` Y '' ? Which countries has the most number of airlines whose active status is 'Y'?
What tracks belong to genre Rock ?
What tracks belong to genre Rock ? What are the names of tracks that are Rock or MPEG media type ?
What tracks belong to genre Rock ? What are the names of tracks that are Rock or MPEG media type ? What are the names of tracks that belong to the genre Rock and are media type MPEG audio file ?
What tracks belong to genre Rock ? What are the names of tracks that are Rock or MPEG media type ? What are the names of tracks that belong to the genre Rock and are media type MPEG audio file ? How many distinct media types are Rock genre ?
What tracks belong to genre Rock ? What are the names of tracks that are Rock or MPEG media type ? What are the names of tracks that belong to the genre Rock and are media type MPEG audio file ? How many distinct media types are Rock genre ? What is the most common media type for the Rock genre ?
What tracks belong to genre Rock ? What are the names of tracks that are Rock or MPEG media type ? What are the names of tracks that belong to the genre Rock and are media type MPEG audio file ? How many distinct media types are Rock genre ? What is the most common media type for the Rock genre ? List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or media type is MPEG audio file.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all product IDs and the associated product titles ? | Are you asking for all item IDs and their corresponding item titles ? | Yes ! That is correct !
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all product IDs and the associated product titles ? | Are you asking for all item IDs and their corresponding item titles ? | Yes ! That is correct ! Thank you ! Can you filter that list to show only the entries with a rank that is higher than 3 please ? | Are you looking for ranks that are better than 3 or higher in value than 3 ? | I would like to filter the list to show the entries which have a rank value that is higher than 3 please .
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all product IDs and the associated product titles ? | Are you asking for all item IDs and their corresponding item titles ? | Yes ! That is correct ! Thank you ! Can you filter that list to show only the entries with a rank that is higher than 3 please ? | Are you looking for ranks that are better than 3 or higher in value than 3 ? | I would like to filter the list to show the entries which have a rank value that is higher than 3 please . Excellent . Can you include to this list the review rating for each of these items ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all product IDs and the associated product titles ? | Are you asking for all item IDs and their corresponding item titles ? | Yes ! That is correct ! Thank you ! Can you filter that list to show only the entries with a rank that is higher than 3 please ? | Are you looking for ranks that are better than 3 or higher in value than 3 ? | I would like to filter the list to show the entries which have a rank value that is higher than 3 please . Excellent . Can you include to this list the review rating for each of these items ? Find the names of items whose rank is higher than 3 and whose average rating is above 5.
Show me the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' , please | The table shows the ids of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' . | Great , could you tell me the name and number of employees within those departments ?
Show me the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' , please | The table shows the ids of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' . | Great , could you tell me the name and number of employees within those departments ? Awesome , could you show me the budget of those departments ?
Show me the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' , please | The table shows the ids of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' . | Great , could you tell me the name and number of employees within those departments ? Awesome , could you show me the budget of those departments ? Could you tell me when those departments were founded , and display the name next to each founding year ?
Show me the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' , please | The table shows the ids of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' . | Great , could you tell me the name and number of employees within those departments ? Awesome , could you show me the budget of those departments ? Could you tell me when those departments were founded , and display the name next to each founding year ? Could you tell me how many departments have a head whose temporary acting value is 'no ' ?
Show me the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' , please | The table shows the ids of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' . | Great , could you tell me the name and number of employees within those departments ? Awesome , could you show me the budget of those departments ? Could you tell me when those departments were founded , and display the name next to each founding year ? Could you tell me how many departments have a head whose temporary acting value is 'no ' ? Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes'?
Tell me the vehicle id and staff id for all lesson id 's ...
Tell me the vehicle id and staff id for all lesson id 's ... What is the vehicle details of vehicle id 1 and 2 ?
Tell me the vehicle id and staff id for all lesson id 's ... What is the vehicle details of vehicle id 1 and 2 ? What is the price of vehicle id 2 ?
Tell me the vehicle id and staff id for all lesson id 's ... What is the vehicle details of vehicle id 1 and 2 ? What is the price of vehicle id 2 ? What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times ?
Tell me the vehicle id and staff id for all lesson id 's ... What is the vehicle details of vehicle id 1 and 2 ? What is the price of vehicle id 2 ? What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times ? What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times?
What institution does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ?
What institution does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ? What is Katsuhiro Ueno 's author ID ?
What institution does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ? What is Katsuhiro Ueno 's author ID ? Okay . What country is Tohoku University located in ?
What institution does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ? What is Katsuhiro Ueno 's author ID ? Okay . What country is Tohoku University located in ? How many authors belong to Tohoku University ?
What institution does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ? What is Katsuhiro Ueno 's author ID ? Okay . What country is Tohoku University located in ? How many authors belong to Tohoku University ? What is Tohoku University 's institution ID ?
What institution does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ? What is Katsuhiro Ueno 's author ID ? Okay . What country is Tohoku University located in ? How many authors belong to Tohoku University ? What is Tohoku University 's institution ID ? Which institution does "Katsuhiro Ueno" belong to?
Could you find the names of all the departments , please ?
Could you find the names of all the departments , please ? What about classes with the course description `` Statistics '' ?
Could you find the names of all the departments , please ? What about classes with the course description `` Statistics '' ? What department name offers that course description ?
Could you find the names of all the departments , please ? What about classes with the course description `` Statistics '' ? What department name offers that course description ? How many course credits are each of those worth ?
Could you find the names of all the departments , please ? What about classes with the course description `` Statistics '' ? What department name offers that course description ? How many course credits are each of those worth ? Find the name of department that offers the class whose description has the word "Statistics".
What is the latitude of each station , please ?
What is the latitude of each station , please ? What are the minimum durations of all trips that end in those stations ?
What is the latitude of each station , please ? What are the minimum durations of all trips that end in those stations ? What dates were all the stations installed ?
What is the latitude of each station , please ? What are the minimum durations of all trips that end in those stations ? What dates were all the stations installed ? For each station, find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station.
Which services type had successful event details ?
Which services type had successful event details ? What about events that had failure for their event details ?
Which services type had successful event details ? What about events that had failure for their event details ? Which service types had both success and failure for their event details ?
Which services type had successful event details ? What about events that had failure for their event details ? Which service types had both success and failure for their event details ? Which services type had both successful and failure event details?
Can you find me student with first name `` Emma '' ? | What do you want to know about that student ? | Student id
Can you find me student with first name `` Emma '' ? | What do you want to know about that student ? | Student id What is the last name for that student ?
Can you find me student with first name `` Emma '' ? | What do you want to know about that student ? | Student id What is the last name for that student ? What is her email ?
Can you find me student with first name `` Emma '' ? | What do you want to know about that student ? | Student id What is the last name for that student ? What is her email ? What is the email of the student with first name "Emma" and last name "Rohan"?
Show ID and first and last name of Engineer who has visited the most times .
Show ID and first and last name of Engineer who has visited the most times . what is the fault status of Engineer with the first name Etha ?
Show ID and first and last name of Engineer who has visited the most times . what is the fault status of Engineer with the first name Etha ? What is the visit start DateTime of Engineer with the first name Etha ?
Show ID and first and last name of Engineer who has visited the most times . what is the fault status of Engineer with the first name Etha ? What is the visit start DateTime of Engineer with the first name Etha ? What is the visit end datetime of Engineer with the first name Etha ?
Show ID and first and last name of Engineer who has visited the most times . what is the fault status of Engineer with the first name Etha ? What is the visit start DateTime of Engineer with the first name Etha ? What is the visit end datetime of Engineer with the first name Etha ? Which engineer has visited the most times? Show the engineer id, first name and last name.
what is the users ' name ?
what is the users ' name ? which one has the most followers ?
what is the users ' name ? which one has the most followers ? what is her email ?
what is the users ' name ? which one has the most followers ? what is her email ? find the id of users who are followed by mary and susan .
what is the users ' name ? which one has the most followers ? what is her email ? find the id of users who are followed by mary and susan . Find the id of users who are followed by Mary and Susan.
How many customers are there ?
How many customers are there ? What is the most popular company ?
How many customers are there ? What is the most popular company ? How many customers have gmail emails ?
How many customers are there ? What is the most popular company ? How many customers have gmail emails ? How many customers have email that contains "gmail.com"?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the gymnast IDs and their associated hometowns ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the gymnast IDs and their associated hometowns ? Awesome ! Which of these hometowns is the most common ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the gymnast IDs and their associated hometowns ? Awesome ! Which of these hometowns is the most common ? Awesome ! Can you show me a list of all people names that are associated with Santo Domingo ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the gymnast IDs and their associated hometowns ? Awesome ! Which of these hometowns is the most common ? Awesome ! Can you show me a list of all people names that are associated with Santo Domingo ? What is the most common hometown of gymnasts?
Which position is the most popular among players in the tryout ?
Which position is the most popular among players in the tryout ? What were the names of the colleges for that position ?
Which position is the most popular among players in the tryout ? What were the names of the colleges for that position ? And what decisions resulted from those tryouts ?
Which position is the most popular among players in the tryout ? What were the names of the colleges for that position ? And what decisions resulted from those tryouts ? Were there any other position in the try outs other than goalie position ?
Which position is the most popular among players in the tryout ? What were the names of the colleges for that position ? And what decisions resulted from those tryouts ? Were there any other position in the try outs other than goalie position ? Which colleges were those positions for ?
Which position is the most popular among players in the tryout ? What were the names of the colleges for that position ? And what decisions resulted from those tryouts ? Were there any other position in the try outs other than goalie position ? Which colleges were those positions for ? Which position is most popular among players in the tryout?
What is the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers ?
What is the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers ? What is the Country code for University of Oxford ?
What is the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers ? What is the Country code for University of Oxford ? What is the instID code for University of Oxford ?
What is the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers ? What is the Country code for University of Oxford ? What is the instID code for University of Oxford ? What is the paperID code for University of Oxford ?
What is the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers ? What is the Country code for University of Oxford ? What is the instID code for University of Oxford ? What is the paperID code for University of Oxford ? What is the Title of paperID 200 ?
What is the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers ? What is the Country code for University of Oxford ? What is the instID code for University of Oxford ? What is the paperID code for University of Oxford ? What is the Title of paperID 200 ? Find the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers.
What is the name of the airport with the lowest altitude ?
What is the name of the airport with the lowest altitude ? And in which city is it located ?
What is the name of the airport with the lowest altitude ? And in which city is it located ? And in what country is that ?
What is the name of the airport with the lowest altitude ? And in which city is it located ? And in what country is that ? Yes , what is the exact altitude of the Bar Yehuda Airfield ?
What is the name of the airport with the lowest altitude ? And in which city is it located ? And in what country is that ? Yes , what is the exact altitude of the Bar Yehuda Airfield ? Find the name, city, and country of the airport that has the lowest altitude.
what are the hometowns of gymnasts
what are the hometowns of gymnasts the corresponding number of gymnasts ? | Can you clarity what do you mean by the corresponding number ? | how many gymnasts are in table ?
what are the hometowns of gymnasts the corresponding number of gymnasts ? | Can you clarity what do you mean by the corresponding number ? | how many gymnasts are in table ? details about paul hamm | Can you be more specific for what details do you need for Paul Hamm ? | i want paul hamm 's age
what are the hometowns of gymnasts the corresponding number of gymnasts ? | Can you clarity what do you mean by the corresponding number ? | how many gymnasts are in table ? details about paul hamm | Can you be more specific for what details do you need for Paul Hamm ? | i want paul hamm 's age What are the hometowns of gymnasts and the corresponding number of gymnasts?
Could you please display the first and last names of all employees whose first names end in the letter `` m '' ?
Could you please display the first and last names of all employees whose first names end in the letter `` m '' ? What are their hire dates ?
Could you please display the first and last names of all employees whose first names end in the letter `` m '' ? What are their hire dates ? What commission pct do they get ?
Could you please display the first and last names of all employees whose first names end in the letter `` m '' ? What are their hire dates ? What commission pct do they get ? What is the name of the person who gets the highest pct commission ?
Could you please display the first and last names of all employees whose first names end in the letter `` m '' ? What are their hire dates ? What commission pct do they get ? What is the name of the person who gets the highest pct commission ? What is the hire date of the person who gets the lowest pct commission ?
Could you please display the first and last names of all employees whose first names end in the letter `` m '' ? What are their hire dates ? What commission pct do they get ? What is the name of the person who gets the highest pct commission ? What is the hire date of the person who gets the lowest pct commission ? Display the first and last name, and salary for those employees whose first name is ending with the letter m.
How many students are in the class
How many students are in the class What are the student id 1 's incident type code ?
How many students are in the class What are the student id 1 's incident type code ? what are the recommendations are given to student ?
How many students are in the class What are the student id 1 's incident type code ? what are the recommendations are given to student ? what is the mobile number of student id 1 ?
How many students are in the class What are the student id 1 's incident type code ? what are the recommendations are given to student ? what is the mobile number of student id 1 ? How many students are not involved in any behavior incident?
What are the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is `` yes '' ? | The following table shows the names of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is `` yes '' . | Show me the name and number of employees for the Treasury department .
What are the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is `` yes '' ? | The following table shows the names of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is `` yes '' . | Show me the name and number of employees for the Treasury department . Show me the number of employees for the Homeland Security department .
What are the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is `` yes '' ? | The following table shows the names of departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is `` yes '' . | Show me the name and number of employees for the Treasury department . Show me the number of employees for the Homeland Security department . Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes'?
what is the name of the movie without any ratings ?
what is the name of the movie without any ratings ? who is the director of star wars ?
what is the name of the movie without any ratings ? who is the director of star wars ? Find the titles of all movies that have no ratings.
what is the rank of Mark | Do you mean the rank of the faculty whose fname is Mark ? | exactly
what is the rank of Mark | Do you mean the rank of the faculty whose fname is Mark ? | exactly how many faculty are presented on the table
what is the rank of Mark | Do you mean the rank of the faculty whose fname is Mark ? | exactly how many faculty are presented on the table what are all the ranks on the table
what is the rank of Mark | Do you mean the rank of the faculty whose fname is Mark ? | exactly how many faculty are presented on the table what are all the ranks on the table Find the first names of faculties of rank Professor in alphabetic order.
How many students in this table ?
How many students in this table ? Find name of all students ? | Do you mean First or Last name of the students ? | Find the average student GPA ?
How many students in this table ? Find name of all students ? | Do you mean First or Last name of the students ? | Find the average student GPA ? Find top enroll grade ?
How many students in this table ? Find name of all students ? | Do you mean First or Last name of the students ? | Find the average student GPA ? Find top enroll grade ? Find the names of all students who took some course and the course description ?
How many students in this table ? Find name of all students ? | Do you mean First or Last name of the students ? | Find the average student GPA ? Find top enroll grade ? Find the names of all students who took some course and the course description ? Find names of all students who took some course and the course description.
Which city has the most number of customers ?
Which city has the most number of customers ? Which city has the least number of customers ?
Which city has the most number of customers ? Which city has the least number of customers ? What is the most common city of all customers with the customer status code `` Bad Customer '' ? | What do you mean by saying the most common city ? | The city name that appears the most
Which city has the most number of customers ? Which city has the least number of customers ? What is the most common city of all customers with the customer status code `` Bad Customer '' ? | What do you mean by saying the most common city ? | The city name that appears the most What is the country of Ericamouth ?
Which city has the most number of customers ? Which city has the least number of customers ? What is the most common city of all customers with the customer status code `` Bad Customer '' ? | What do you mean by saying the most common city ? | The city name that appears the most What is the country of Ericamouth ? Which city does has most number of customers?
What are the names of the movies that was reviewed by brittany harris ?
What are the names of the movies that was reviewed by brittany harris ? What are the names of movies made after 2000 ?
What are the names of the movies that was reviewed by brittany harris ? What are the names of movies made after 2000 ? How many rating stars did Avatar had ?
What are the names of the movies that was reviewed by brittany harris ? What are the names of movies made after 2000 ? How many rating stars did Avatar had ? What are names of the movies that are either made after 2000 or reviewed by Brittany Harris?
What is the player id for Charles ?
What is the player id for Charles ? What the college Charles is attending ?
What is the player id for Charles ? What the college Charles is attending ? What is the state of the college OU ?
What is the player id for Charles ? What the college Charles is attending ? What is the state of the college OU ? Find the state of the college which player Charles is attending.
What is the journal id of Anna Powierza ?
What is the journal id of Anna Powierza ? What are the work type of Kamila Porczyk ?
What is the journal id of Anna Powierza ? What are the work type of Kamila Porczyk ? Show the names of editors that are on the committee of journals with sales bigger than 3000.
Okay ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the city names and which counties they belong to ?
Okay ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the city names and which counties they belong to ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter this list to show only the cities in the country with the largest population ?
Okay ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the city names and which counties they belong to ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter this list to show only the cities in the country with the largest population ? Thank you ! Can you update this filtered list to show the total population of this county ?
Okay ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the city names and which counties they belong to ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter this list to show only the cities in the country with the largest population ? Thank you ! Can you update this filtered list to show the total population of this county ? Awesome ! Finally , can you show me the number of residents per officer for this county ?
Okay ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the city names and which counties they belong to ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter this list to show only the cities in the country with the largest population ? Thank you ! Can you update this filtered list to show the total population of this county ? Awesome ! Finally , can you show me the number of residents per officer for this county ? List the names of counties that do not have any cities.
what is the name of the papers publishes by Indiana University
what is the name of the papers publishes by Indiana University what is the paper id ?
what is the name of the papers publishes by Indiana University what is the paper id ? what is the author count ?
what is the name of the papers publishes by Indiana University what is the paper id ? what is the author count ? What are the papers published under the institution "Indiana University"?
WHAT IS THE Indonesia CAPITAL
WHAT IS THE Indonesia CAPITAL WHAT IS THE Iran OF CAPITAL | Did you mean the capital of the country named Iran ? | YES EXACTLY
WHAT IS THE Indonesia CAPITAL WHAT IS THE Iran OF CAPITAL | Did you mean the capital of the country named Iran ? | YES EXACTLY HOW MANY DISTINCT OFFICIAL LANGUAGES ARE THERE AMONG COUNTRIES OF PLAYERS WHOSE POSITIONS ARE DEFENDERS
WHAT IS THE Indonesia CAPITAL WHAT IS THE Iran OF CAPITAL | Did you mean the capital of the country named Iran ? | YES EXACTLY HOW MANY DISTINCT OFFICIAL LANGUAGES ARE THERE AMONG COUNTRIES OF PLAYERS WHOSE POSITIONS ARE DEFENDERS How many distinct official languages are there among countries of players whose positions are defenders.
What are the names of all ships ?
What are the names of all ships ? And what about all the classes ?
What are the names of all ships ? And what about all the classes ? Can I see list of names and classes of ships that do n't have any captain ?
What are the names of all ships ? And what about all the classes ? Can I see list of names and classes of ships that do n't have any captain ? what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all director names who have directed more than one movie ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all director names who have directed more than one movie ? This is great ! Can you please update the list to show each of the films directed by each director and keep the director names in the list ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all director names who have directed more than one movie ? This is great ! Can you please update the list to show each of the films directed by each director and keep the director names in the list ? Wonderful ! Can you please sort this list by the director name , and then sort by movie title ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all director names who have directed more than one movie ? This is great ! Can you please update the list to show each of the films directed by each director and keep the director names in the list ? Wonderful ! Can you please sort this list by the director name , and then sort by movie title ? Excellent ! Would you be able to update that list to also include the year each film was released ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all director names who have directed more than one movie ? This is great ! Can you please update the list to show each of the films directed by each director and keep the director names in the list ? Wonderful ! Can you please sort this list by the director name , and then sort by movie title ? Excellent ! Would you be able to update that list to also include the year each film was released ? For all directors who directed more than one movie, return the titles of all movies directed by them, along with the director name. Sort by director name, then movie title.
How many students are on scholarship ?
How many students are on scholarship ? What are the last names for those students ?
How many students are on scholarship ? What are the last names for those students ? What are their first names ?
How many students are on scholarship ? What are the last names for those students ? What are their first names ? What are their majors ?
How many students are on scholarship ? What are the last names for those students ? What are their first names ? What are their majors ? What sport name do they play ?
How many students are on scholarship ? What are the last names for those students ? What are their first names ? What are their majors ? What sport name do they play ? Show last names for all student who are on scholarship.
What years did two or more churches open in ?
What years did two or more churches open in ? What is the name of the church that opened the latest ?
What years did two or more churches open in ? What is the name of the church that opened the latest ? What is that church a continuation of ?
What years did two or more churches open in ? What is the name of the church that opened the latest ? What is that church a continuation of ? Show the opening year in whcih at least two churches opened.
Can you tell me the number of research staff in each organisation ?
Can you tell me the number of research staff in each organisation ? What is the organisation type for each organisation ?
Can you tell me the number of research staff in each organisation ? What is the organisation type for each organisation ? Who are the staff for the organisation with id 5 ? | Do you mean the id of the staffs for orginisation with id 5 ? | Yes , that would be fine .
Can you tell me the number of research staff in each organisation ? What is the organisation type for each organisation ? Who are the staff for the organisation with id 5 ? | Do you mean the id of the staffs for orginisation with id 5 ? | Yes , that would be fine . What is the organisation type and id of the organisation which has the most number of research staff?
Can you show me all the course ids and enrollments ?
Can you show me all the course ids and enrollments ? Which courses have at least five enrollments ?
Can you show me all the course ids and enrollments ? Which courses have at least five enrollments ? Can you show me their ids ?
Can you show me all the course ids and enrollments ? Which courses have at least five enrollments ? Can you show me their ids ? What are the name of courses that have at least five enrollments?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player IDs in the database ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player IDs in the database ? Can you update this list to indicate whether or not these players were inducted into the hall of fame ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player IDs in the database ? Can you update this list to indicate whether or not these players were inducted into the hall of fame ? Thank you for that ! Of all of the years , which year had the fewest players entering the hall of fame ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the player IDs in the database ? Can you update this list to indicate whether or not these players were inducted into the hall of fame ? Thank you for that ! Of all of the years , which year had the fewest players entering the hall of fame ? In which year did the least people enter hall of fame?
can you please tell me if Alice is friends with Bob ?
can you please tell me if Alice is friends with Bob ? great . and who are Zach 's friends ?
can you please tell me if Alice is friends with Bob ? great . and who are Zach 's friends ? and can you tell me , besides Alice and Zach , is there anyone else who is friends with Bob ?
can you please tell me if Alice is friends with Bob ? great . and who are Zach 's friends ? and can you tell me , besides Alice and Zach , is there anyone else who is friends with Bob ? Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob.
What is the max training hours of all players , please ?
What is the max training hours of all players , please ? What about the min ?
What is the max training hours of all players , please ? What about the min ? How about the average ?
What is the max training hours of all players , please ? What about the min ? How about the average ? Who is the player with the lowest training hours ?
What is the max training hours of all players , please ? What about the min ? How about the average ? Who is the player with the lowest training hours ? What about the highest training hours , please ?
What is the max training hours of all players , please ? What about the min ? How about the average ? Who is the player with the lowest training hours ? What about the highest training hours , please ? Find the max, average and min training hours of all players.
What is the name of the organization that published the greatest number of papers ?
What is the name of the organization that published the greatest number of papers ? What is the name of the organization that published the least number of papers ?
What is the name of the organization that published the greatest number of papers ? What is the name of the organization that published the least number of papers ? What are the titles of all the papers Google published ?
What is the name of the organization that published the greatest number of papers ? What is the name of the organization that published the least number of papers ? What are the titles of all the papers Google published ? Find the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers.
find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111
find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111 find the name of the patient who have an insurance id 68476213
find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111 find the name of the patient who have an insurance id 68476213 find the name of physician who have seen the patient 100000001
find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111 find the name of the patient who have an insurance id 68476213 find the name of physician who have seen the patient 100000001 Find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111.
Can you display the address id associated with the city of Damianfort ?
Can you display the address id associated with the city of Damianfort ? Can you display all staff ids that contain a staff address id of 14 ?
Can you display the address id associated with the city of Damianfort ? Can you display all staff ids that contain a staff address id of 14 ? Can you display the first and last names associated with those staff ids ?
Can you display the address id associated with the city of Damianfort ? Can you display all staff ids that contain a staff address id of 14 ? Can you display the first and last names associated with those staff ids ? Find out the first name and last name of staff lived in city Damianfort.
Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Government ' ?
Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Government ' ? What are the document details of each of those ?
Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Government ' ? What are the document details of each of those ? Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Organisation ' ?
Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Government ' ? What are the document details of each of those ? Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Organisation ' ? What are the budget type codes for those ?
Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Government ' ? What are the document details of each of those ? Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Organisation ' ? What are the budget type codes for those ? Can you tell me the document details for the highest numbered document id please ?
Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Government ' ? What are the document details of each of those ? Could you show me the IDs for all documents with budget types described as 'Organisation ' ? What are the budget type codes for those ? Can you tell me the document details for the highest numbered document id please ? Show ids for all documents with budget types described as 'Government'.
How many shops have a score of above 37 ?
How many shops have a score of above 37 ? Which shop has the lowest number of staff ? | The shop with ID 1 has the lowest number of staff . | What is the average number of workers for all the shops ?
How many shops have a score of above 37 ? Which shop has the lowest number of staff ? | The shop with ID 1 has the lowest number of staff . | What is the average number of workers for all the shops ? What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
How many parties are there ?
How many parties are there ? What are their names ?
How many parties are there ? What are their names ? Is there any party that has at least two records ?
How many parties are there ? What are their names ? Is there any party that has at least two records ? Yes , can you show me all the attorney generals from democratic party ?
How many parties are there ? What are their names ? Is there any party that has at least two records ? Yes , can you show me all the attorney generals from democratic party ? Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
What assets have been aquired ? | What kind of information about the assets do you want me to return ? | Can you tell me the date each asset was aquired ?
What assets have been aquired ? | What kind of information about the assets do you want me to return ? | Can you tell me the date each asset was aquired ? Now i would like to know what the earliest date is ?
What assets have been aquired ? | What kind of information about the assets do you want me to return ? | Can you tell me the date each asset was aquired ? Now i would like to know what the earliest date is ? When was the first asset acquired?
Hello , how many different nationalities of pilots are there ?
Hello , how many different nationalities of pilots are there ? What are the pilot names of those 3 nationalities ?
Hello , how many different nationalities of pilots are there ? What are the pilot names of those 3 nationalities ? What is the most common nationality of the 3 nationalities ?
Hello , how many different nationalities of pilots are there ? What are the pilot names of those 3 nationalities ? What is the most common nationality of the 3 nationalities ? Show the most common nationality of pilots.
How many wrestlers are there ?
How many wrestlers are there ? just locations
How many wrestlers are there ? just locations What are their ids ?
How many wrestlers are there ? just locations What are their ids ? What are the most common reigns of wrestlers ?
How many wrestlers are there ? just locations What are their ids ? What are the most common reigns of wrestlers ? Please show the most common reigns of wrestlers.
Which employees did not destroy any documents ? | Do you want the ids of all the employees who did not destroy any documents ? | Yes . Show the IDs of all employees who did n't destroy any documents please .
Which employees did not destroy any documents ? | Do you want the ids of all the employees who did not destroy any documents ? | Yes . Show the IDs of all employees who did n't destroy any documents please . Thank you . What are their names ?
Which employees did not destroy any documents ? | Do you want the ids of all the employees who did not destroy any documents ? | Yes . Show the IDs of all employees who did n't destroy any documents please . Thank you . What are their names ? Thank you . What are their roles ?
Which employees did not destroy any documents ? | Do you want the ids of all the employees who did not destroy any documents ? | Yes . Show the IDs of all employees who did n't destroy any documents please . Thank you . What are their names ? Thank you . What are their roles ? Yes . What is their date of birth ?
Which employees did not destroy any documents ? | Do you want the ids of all the employees who did not destroy any documents ? | Yes . Show the IDs of all employees who did n't destroy any documents please . Thank you . What are their names ? Thank you . What are their roles ? Yes . What is their date of birth ? Show the ids of all employees who don't destroy any document.
Hi can you tell me in witch city does Alice live ?
Hi can you tell me in witch city does Alice live ? Great , how many males friends does she have ?
Hi can you tell me in witch city does Alice live ? Great , how many males friends does she have ? What job does he have ?
Hi can you tell me in witch city does Alice live ? Great , how many males friends does she have ? What job does he have ? Find the male friend of Alice whose job is a doctor?
Hello . How many classes are there ?
Hello . How many classes are there ? How many different professors are there ?
Hello . How many classes are there ? How many different professors are there ? How many classes are professor whose last name is Graztevski has?
Which appelation produces the most expensive wine ?
Which appelation produces the most expensive wine ? How much is the most expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ?
Which appelation produces the most expensive wine ? How much is the most expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ? How many wines are produced in Sonoma County ?
Which appelation produces the most expensive wine ? How much is the most expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ? How many wines are produced in Sonoma County ? What is the price of the least expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ?
Which appelation produces the most expensive wine ? How much is the most expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ? How many wines are produced in Sonoma County ? What is the price of the least expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ? What is the median price of wines produced in Sonoma County ? | Did you mean the average price of wines produced in Sonoma County ? | Yes , what is the average price of wines produced in Sonoma County ?
Which appelation produces the most expensive wine ? How much is the most expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ? How many wines are produced in Sonoma County ? What is the price of the least expensive wine produced in Sonoma County ? What is the median price of wines produced in Sonoma County ? | Did you mean the average price of wines produced in Sonoma County ? | Yes , what is the average price of wines produced in Sonoma County ? Give me the average prices of wines that are produced by appelations in Sonoma County.
which track has the highest number of race ?
which track has the highest number of race ? where is Auto Club Speedway located ?
which track has the highest number of race ? where is Auto Club Speedway located ? where is Chicagoland Speedway located ?
which track has the highest number of race ? where is Auto Club Speedway located ? where is Chicagoland Speedway located ? how many seating does Chicagoland Speedway have ?
which track has the highest number of race ? where is Auto Club Speedway located ? where is Chicagoland Speedway located ? how many seating does Chicagoland Speedway have ? Show the name of track with most number of races.
What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001 ?
What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001 ? What was the average salary of players in 2010 ?
What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001 ? What was the average salary of players in 2010 ? What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001?
Show me the names of journalists
Show me the names of journalists Show me the events they reported | which columuns to return | date
Show me the names of journalists Show me the events they reported | which columuns to return | date Show the names of journalists and the dates of the events they reported.
How many students live in each dorm ?
How many students live in each dorm ? What is the average age of the students living in each dorm ?
How many students live in each dorm ? What is the average age of the students living in each dorm ? Find the average age of students living in each dorm and the name of dorm.
What are the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to ?
What are the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to ? Who were the Australian swimmers ?
What are the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to ? Who were the Australian swimmers ? Find the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to.
What are the names of parties with 2 events
What are the names of parties with 2 events what is the minister name of the party with 2 events
What are the names of parties with 2 events what is the minister name of the party with 2 events what are the minister names of the parties with 1 events
What are the names of parties with 2 events what is the minister name of the party with 2 events what are the minister names of the parties with 1 events what is the name of the party with region ID 3
What are the names of parties with 2 events what is the minister name of the party with 2 events what are the minister names of the parties with 1 events what is the name of the party with region ID 3 What are the names of parties with at least 2 events?
List names of each manufacturer ?
List names of each manufacturer ? Name of each manufacturer 's product ?
List names of each manufacturer ? Name of each manufacturer 's product ? Price of each manufacturer 's product ?
List names of each manufacturer ? Name of each manufacturer 's product ? Price of each manufacturer 's product ? Which product is the most expensive ?
List names of each manufacturer ? Name of each manufacturer 's product ? Price of each manufacturer 's product ? Which product is the most expensive ? Name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product ?
List names of each manufacturer ? Name of each manufacturer 's product ? Price of each manufacturer 's product ? Which product is the most expensive ? Name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product ? What of their least expensive product ?
List names of each manufacturer ? Name of each manufacturer 's product ? Price of each manufacturer 's product ? Which product is the most expensive ? Name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product ? What of their least expensive product ? Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product.
what is average of training hours ?
what is average of training hours ? can you show me player names that starting with 'A ' ?
what is average of training hours ? can you show me player names that starting with 'A ' ? can you show me a list of college name ?
what is average of training hours ? can you show me player names that starting with 'A ' ? can you show me a list of college name ? Find the average hours for the students whose tryout decision is no.
state the projects with least hours ? | Do you need the project code or name ? | name
state the projects with least hours ? | Do you need the project code or name ? | name List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects
state the projects with least hours ? | Do you need the project code or name ? | name List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects State the total number of projects of the list ?
state the projects with least hours ? | Do you need the project code or name ? | name List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects State the total number of projects of the list ? Which project has the highest hours on the list ?
state the projects with least hours ? | Do you need the project code or name ? | name List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects State the total number of projects of the list ? Which project has the highest hours on the list ? List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects.
Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance .
Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance . And how about the lowest ?
Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance . And how about the lowest ? Checking balance of Customer id 3
Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance . And how about the lowest ? Checking balance of Customer id 3 Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance.
How many 'Cutlery ' type products are there ?
How many 'Cutlery ' type products are there ? Okay good to know . How many products have a daily hire cost lower than 20 ?
How many 'Cutlery ' type products are there ? Okay good to know . How many products have a daily hire cost lower than 20 ? Thank you for that info . Now , how many 'cutlery ' products have the daily hire cost lower than 20 ?
How many 'Cutlery ' type products are there ? Okay good to know . How many products have a daily hire cost lower than 20 ? Thank you for that info . Now , how many 'cutlery ' products have the daily hire cost lower than 20 ? What are the names and descriptions of the products that are of 'Cutlery' type and have daily hire cost lower than 20?
What are the tourist attractions available ? | Did you mean to show you all the attractions ? | Yes , what are their names ?
What are the tourist attractions available ? | Did you mean to show you all the attractions ? | Yes , what are their names ? Which attractions did Vincent go to ?
What are the tourist attractions available ? | Did you mean to show you all the attractions ? | Yes , what are their names ? Which attractions did Vincent go to ? Which attractions did Vivian visit ?
What are the tourist attractions available ? | Did you mean to show you all the attractions ? | Yes , what are their names ? Which attractions did Vincent go to ? Which attractions did Vivian visit ? What are the names of the other tourist ?
What are the tourist attractions available ? | Did you mean to show you all the attractions ? | Yes , what are their names ? Which attractions did Vincent go to ? Which attractions did Vivian visit ? What are the names of the other tourist ? What are the names of the tourist attractions and the dates when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there?
Could you please tell me the names of the people that have not been on the affirmative side of all debates ?
Could you please tell me the names of the people that have not been on the affirmative side of all debates ? Could you please tell me their party affiliations ?
Could you please tell me the names of the people that have not been on the affirmative side of all debates ? Could you please tell me their party affiliations ? What are their ages ?
Could you please tell me the names of the people that have not been on the affirmative side of all debates ? Could you please tell me their party affiliations ? What are their ages ? List the names of people that have not been on the affirmative side of debates.
What cities have more than 3 airports in the United States ?
What cities have more than 3 airports in the United States ? What cities in the United States have more than 4 airports ?
What cities have more than 3 airports in the United States ? What cities in the United States have more than 4 airports ? What are their names ?
What cities have more than 3 airports in the United States ? What cities in the United States have more than 4 airports ? What are their names ? Show the names of all airports with elevation over 4000 .
What cities have more than 3 airports in the United States ? What cities in the United States have more than 4 airports ? What are their names ? Show the names of all airports with elevation over 4000 . Show the names of all airports with elevation over 5000 .
What cities have more than 3 airports in the United States ? What cities in the United States have more than 4 airports ? What are their names ? Show the names of all airports with elevation over 4000 . Show the names of all airports with elevation over 5000 . Return the cities with more than 3 airports in the United States.
I am interested in learning who the artist is .
I am interested in learning who the artist is . That 's okay . What are some of Accept 's other albums ?
I am interested in learning who the artist is . That 's okay . What are some of Accept 's other albums ? That sounds good . What about the album `` For Those About To Rock , We Salute You '' ? Which artist produced that one ?
I am interested in learning who the artist is . That 's okay . What are some of Accept 's other albums ? That sounds good . What about the album `` For Those About To Rock , We Salute You '' ? Which artist produced that one ? Which artist does the album "Balls to the Wall" belong to?
What are the names of the movies ?
What are the names of the movies ? Which are made before 1980 ?
What are the names of the movies ? Which are made before 1980 ? From the list of all movies , which were directed by James Cameron ?
What are the names of the movies ? Which are made before 1980 ? From the list of all movies , which were directed by James Cameron ? What are names of the movies that are either made before 1980 or directed by James Cameron?
Which roller coasters are longer than 3300 ?
Which roller coasters are longer than 3300 ? Which of them are higher than 100 ? | Do you mean among all roller costers or among the those longer than 3300 ? | Among those longer than 3300
Which roller coasters are longer than 3300 ? Which of them are higher than 100 ? | Do you mean among all roller costers or among the those longer than 3300 ? | Among those longer than 3300 And what are their status ?
Which roller coasters are longer than 3300 ? Which of them are higher than 100 ? | Do you mean among all roller costers or among the those longer than 3300 ? | Among those longer than 3300 And what are their status ? Yes , what is their speed ?
Which roller coasters are longer than 3300 ? Which of them are higher than 100 ? | Do you mean among all roller costers or among the those longer than 3300 ? | Among those longer than 3300 And what are their status ? Yes , what is their speed ? Show the statuses of roller coasters longer than 3300 or higher than 100.
Show me a list of all shipping agent codes
Show me a list of all shipping agent codes add a column showing the total number of documents shipped per code
Show me a list of all shipping agent codes add a column showing the total number of documents shipped per code Add another column showing the shipping agent name
Show me a list of all shipping agent codes add a column showing the total number of documents shipped per code Add another column showing the shipping agent name How many documents were shipped by USPS?
What is the name of the city that already served as host more than once ? | The names in English or Hanzi ? | English , please .
What is the name of the city that already served as host more than once ? | The names in English or Hanzi ? | English , please . What is the GDP and population of Nanjing （Jiangsu） ?
What is the name of the city that already served as host more than once ? | The names in English or Hanzi ? | English , please . What is the GDP and population of Nanjing （Jiangsu） ? What is the name of the city in English and Hanzi that hosted in 2011 ?
What is the name of the city that already served as host more than once ? | The names in English or Hanzi ? | English , please . What is the GDP and population of Nanjing （Jiangsu） ? What is the name of the city in English and Hanzi that hosted in 2011 ? What are the GDP and population of the city that already served as a host more than once?
How many employees are there ?
How many employees are there ? How many employee have the ability to authorize the destruction of documents ?
How many employees are there ? How many employee have the ability to authorize the destruction of documents ? What are the ids of those particular employees ?
How many employees are there ? How many employee have the ability to authorize the destruction of documents ? What are the ids of those particular employees ? Now how many employees ca n't authorize the destruction of documents .
How many employees are there ? How many employee have the ability to authorize the destruction of documents ? What are the ids of those particular employees ? Now how many employees ca n't authorize the destruction of documents . May I have the ids of those employees who cant authorize the destruction of documents ?
How many employees are there ? How many employee have the ability to authorize the destruction of documents ? What are the ids of those particular employees ? Now how many employees ca n't authorize the destruction of documents . May I have the ids of those employees who cant authorize the destruction of documents ? Show the ids of the employees who don't authorize destruction for any document.
Which movie has the highest average rating ? | The title of the movie that has the highest average rating is Snow White | What is it 's rating ?
Which movie has the highest average rating ? | The title of the movie that has the highest average rating is Snow White | What is it 's rating ? What is the average rating for all movies ?
Which movie has the highest average rating ? | The title of the movie that has the highest average rating is Snow White | What is it 's rating ? What is the average rating for all movies ? Which movie has the lowest rating ?
Which movie has the highest average rating ? | The title of the movie that has the highest average rating is Snow White | What is it 's rating ? What is the average rating for all movies ? Which movie has the lowest rating ? Find the movies with the highest average rating. Return the movie titles and average rating.
list number of games played by students
list number of games played by students how many of those are played by students on scholarship ?
list number of games played by students how many of those are played by students on scholarship ? list all the names of the sports available
list number of games played by students how many of those are played by students on scholarship ? list all the names of the sports available How many games are played for all football games by students on scholarship?
What are the names of the aircraft ?
What are the names of the aircraft ? And which of those aircraft won a match ?
What are the names of the aircraft ? And which of those aircraft won a match ? How many have won at least two matches ?
What are the names of the aircraft ? And which of those aircraft won a match ? How many have won at least two matches ? List the names of aircrafts and that won matches at least twice.
Which student have allergy to both milk and cats ? | Here are the student ids of the students who have allergies to both milk and cat . | What are their last names ?
Which student have allergy to both milk and cats ? | Here are the student ids of the students who have allergies to both milk and cat . | What are their last names ? And what about their age ?
Which student have allergy to both milk and cats ? | Here are the student ids of the students who have allergies to both milk and cat . | What are their last names ? And what about their age ? Find the last name and age of the student who has allergy to both milk and cat.
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total nominees there are ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total nominees there are ? Excellent ! For each nomination can you show me the name of the artwork associated with it , and the name of the festival where it was nominated ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total nominees there are ? Excellent ! For each nomination can you show me the name of the artwork associated with it , and the name of the festival where it was nominated ? Thanks ! Can you update this list to show all of the associated years for each of these festivals ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total nominees there are ? Excellent ! For each nomination can you show me the name of the artwork associated with it , and the name of the festival where it was nominated ? Thanks ! Can you update this list to show all of the associated years for each of these festivals ? For each nomination, show the name of the artwork and name of the festival where it is nominated.
Which papers were published in an institution in the `` USA '' please ?
Which papers were published in an institution in the `` USA '' please ? Can you please tell me which ones of those have `` Turon '' as their second author ?
Which papers were published in an institution in the `` USA '' please ? Can you please tell me which ones of those have `` Turon '' as their second author ? What is Turon 's author id ?
Which papers were published in an institution in the `` USA '' please ? Can you please tell me which ones of those have `` Turon '' as their second author ? What is Turon 's author id ? Which paper is published in an institution in "USA" and have "Turon" as its second author?
What is the used id 1 ? | Do you mean what is the name of the user with id 1 ? | yes
What is the used id 1 ? | Do you mean what is the name of the user with id 1 ? | yes What is the name of user id 3 ?
What is the used id 1 ? | Do you mean what is the name of the user with id 1 ? | yes What is the name of user id 3 ? What is the rank of user id 3 ?
What is the used id 1 ? | Do you mean what is the name of the user with id 1 ? | yes What is the name of user id 3 ? What is the rank of user id 3 ? What is the average rating of reviews of user id1 ?
What is the used id 1 ? | Do you mean what is the name of the user with id 1 ? | yes What is the name of user id 3 ? What is the rank of user id 3 ? What is the average rating of reviews of user id1 ? Find out the average rating of every user ?
What is the used id 1 ? | Do you mean what is the name of the user with id 1 ? | yes What is the name of user id 3 ? What is the rank of user id 3 ? What is the average rating of reviews of user id1 ? Find out the average rating of every user ? For each user, return the name and the average rating of reviews given by them.
Can you please tell me the full names of all faculty who are members of department number 520 ?
Can you please tell me the full names of all faculty who are members of department number 520 ? What about for department number 600 ?
Can you please tell me the full names of all faculty who are members of department number 520 ? What about for department number 600 ? What is the sex of each of those faculty who are members of the department with department number 600 .
Can you please tell me the full names of all faculty who are members of department number 520 ? What about for department number 600 ? What is the sex of each of those faculty who are members of the department with department number 600 . Find the full names of faculties who are members of department with department number 520.
what is the average price among all products ?
what is the average price among all products ? which products have a price higher than or equal to $ 150 ?
what is the average price among all products ? which products have a price higher than or equal to $ 150 ? what are the names of the manufacturers of those products ?
what is the average price among all products ? which products have a price higher than or equal to $ 150 ? what are the names of the manufacturers of those products ? Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $150.
What is the district name for district id 15 ?
What is the district name for district id 15 ? What is the district name for District id 11 ?
What is the district name for district id 15 ? What is the district name for District id 11 ? How many store are located in district 15 ?
What is the district name for district id 15 ? What is the district name for District id 11 ? How many store are located in district 15 ? What are their names ?
What is the district name for district id 15 ? What is the district name for District id 11 ? How many store are located in district 15 ? What are their names ? What is the name of the store in district 11 ?
What is the district name for district id 15 ? What is the district name for District id 11 ? How many store are located in district 15 ? What are their names ? What is the name of the store in district 11 ? Find the names of all stores in Khanewal District.
Hello ! How many different Apartment Type Codes are there ?
Hello ! How many different Apartment Type Codes are there ? Can you provide me with the most common apartment type code among all of the apartments with at least 1 bathroom ?
Hello ! How many different Apartment Type Codes are there ? Can you provide me with the most common apartment type code among all of the apartments with at least 1 bathroom ? Can you list all apartment IDs with `` Flat '' as the apartment type ?
Hello ! How many different Apartment Type Codes are there ? Can you provide me with the most common apartment type code among all of the apartments with at least 1 bathroom ? Can you list all apartment IDs with `` Flat '' as the apartment type ? Thank you ! Can you update that list to include the building ID for each of those apartment IDs ?
Hello ! How many different Apartment Type Codes are there ? Can you provide me with the most common apartment type code among all of the apartments with at least 1 bathroom ? Can you list all apartment IDs with `` Flat '' as the apartment type ? Thank you ! Can you update that list to include the building ID for each of those apartment IDs ? Show the most common apartment type code among apartments with more than 1 bathroom.
What are the departure dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ?
What are the departure dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What are the arrival dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ?
What are the departure dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What are the arrival dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What are the prices of those flights ?
What are the departure dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What are the arrival dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What are the prices of those flights ? What about the flight numbers ?
What are the departure dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What are the arrival dates for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What are the prices of those flights ? What about the flight numbers ? Show me the departure date and arrival date for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
When was the order with the tracking number 3452 placed ? | Did you want the order id of the order with shipment tracking number 3452 ? | Okay , tell me the order ID of that tracking number .
When was the order with the tracking number 3452 placed ? | Did you want the order id of the order with shipment tracking number 3452 ? | Okay , tell me the order ID of that tracking number . Thank you , what is the shipment date of order id 5 ?
When was the order with the tracking number 3452 placed ? | Did you want the order id of the order with shipment tracking number 3452 ? | Okay , tell me the order ID of that tracking number . Thank you , what is the shipment date of order id 5 ? What was the date when order id 5 was placed ?
When was the order with the tracking number 3452 placed ? | Did you want the order id of the order with shipment tracking number 3452 ? | Okay , tell me the order ID of that tracking number . Thank you , what is the shipment date of order id 5 ? What was the date when order id 5 was placed ? How about the order with invoice number 13 , when was that order placed ?
When was the order with the tracking number 3452 placed ? | Did you want the order id of the order with shipment tracking number 3452 ? | Okay , tell me the order ID of that tracking number . Thank you , what is the shipment date of order id 5 ? What was the date when order id 5 was placed ? How about the order with invoice number 13 , when was that order placed ? When was the order placed whose shipment tracking number is 3452? Give me the date.
I need a list of the titles of books .
I need a list of the titles of books . Can you give me the price of those books ?
I need a list of the titles of books . Can you give me the price of those books ? can you list those in ascending order ?
I need a list of the titles of books . Can you give me the price of those books ? can you list those in ascending order ? Can you list the prices along with the books ?
I need a list of the titles of books . Can you give me the price of those books ? can you list those in ascending order ? Can you list the prices along with the books ? Now can you list the titles of the books and the prices but in descending order ?
I need a list of the titles of books . Can you give me the price of those books ? can you list those in ascending order ? Can you list the prices along with the books ? Now can you list the titles of the books and the prices but in descending order ? Show the titles of books in descending order of publication price.
How many patients in this table ?
How many patients in this table ? Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 112 ?
How many patients in this table ? Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 112 ? How many rooms in this table ?
How many patients in this table ? Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 112 ? How many rooms in this table ? Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 111.
how many products on the table
how many products on the table what are all the products name on this table
how many products on the table what are all the products name on this table what is the product price of red jeans
how many products on the table what are all the products name on this table what is the product price of red jeans which product is highest price on the table | Which kinds of product information do you want ? | i want to the black jeans product price
how many products on the table what are all the products name on this table what is the product price of red jeans which product is highest price on the table | Which kinds of product information do you want ? | i want to the black jeans product price For each product type, return the maximum and minimum price.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all paper IDs and paper titles that correspond to `` Indiana University '' ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all paper IDs and paper titles that correspond to `` Indiana University '' ? Great ! Can you please list all of the author Ids that are associated with that paper title ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all paper IDs and paper titles that correspond to `` Indiana University '' ? Great ! Can you please list all of the author Ids that are associated with that paper title ? Great ! Can you tell me what the total number of papers are for each of these author IDs ? ... in other words , how many papers have each of these authors published ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all paper IDs and paper titles that correspond to `` Indiana University '' ? Great ! Can you please list all of the author Ids that are associated with that paper title ? Great ! Can you tell me what the total number of papers are for each of these author IDs ? ... in other words , how many papers have each of these authors published ? What are the papers published under the institution "Indiana University"?
How many courses do not have a prerequisite ?
How many courses do not have a prerequisite ? Which of those courses has the most number of credits ?
How many courses do not have a prerequisite ? Which of those courses has the most number of credits ? How many courses are there ?
How many courses do not have a prerequisite ? Which of those courses has the most number of credits ? How many courses are there ? Find the name of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
Which event id does not have any participant with the detail Kneyatta Kuhn ?
Which event id does not have any participant with the detail Kneyatta Kuhn ? And how about the detail `` Karlee Batz '' ?
Which event id does not have any participant with the detail Kneyatta Kuhn ? And how about the detail `` Karlee Batz '' ? Which event id does have a participant with the detail Kenyatta Kuhn ?
Which event id does not have any participant with the detail Kneyatta Kuhn ? And how about the detail `` Karlee Batz '' ? Which event id does have a participant with the detail Kenyatta Kuhn ? How many events have the event detail fail ?
Which event id does not have any participant with the detail Kneyatta Kuhn ? And how about the detail `` Karlee Batz '' ? Which event id does have a participant with the detail Kenyatta Kuhn ? How many events have the event detail fail ? Which events id does not have any participant with detail 'Kenyatta Kuhn'?
What is the course id for the International Finance course ?
What is the course id for the International Finance course ? What is the course id for the prerequisite of that course ?
What is the course id for the International Finance course ? What is the course id for the prerequisite of that course ? What is the title of that course ?
What is the course id for the International Finance course ? What is the course id for the prerequisite of that course ? What is the title of that course ? What is the title of the prerequisite class of International Finance course?
Can you tell me the highest number of mailshots for the customers ?
Can you tell me the highest number of mailshots for the customers ? What about the highest mailshot id number ?
Can you tell me the highest number of mailshots for the customers ? What about the highest mailshot id number ? What is the customer id for that mailshot id ?
Can you tell me the highest number of mailshots for the customers ? What about the highest mailshot id number ? What is the customer id for that mailshot id ? How many mailshots does customer id 1 have ?
Can you tell me the highest number of mailshots for the customers ? What about the highest mailshot id number ? What is the customer id for that mailshot id ? How many mailshots does customer id 1 have ? What is the name of customer id 1 ?
Can you tell me the highest number of mailshots for the customers ? What about the highest mailshot id number ? What is the customer id for that mailshot id ? How many mailshots does customer id 1 have ? What is the name of customer id 1 ? What is the amount of mailshots that Wendell has ?
Can you tell me the highest number of mailshots for the customers ? What about the highest mailshot id number ? What is the customer id for that mailshot id ? How many mailshots does customer id 1 have ? What is the name of customer id 1 ? What is the amount of mailshots that Wendell has ? Show the names of customers who have the most mailshots.
Tell me the chargeable amount for part id 1 ?
Tell me the chargeable amount for part id 1 ? Tell me the part name of the part id 3 ?
Tell me the chargeable amount for part id 1 ? Tell me the part name of the part id 3 ? Tell me the part name of the part id 2 ?
Tell me the chargeable amount for part id 1 ? Tell me the part name of the part id 3 ? Tell me the part name of the part id 2 ? Which part has the least chargeable amount ? List the part id and amount .
Tell me the chargeable amount for part id 1 ? Tell me the part name of the part id 3 ? Tell me the part name of the part id 2 ? Which part has the least chargeable amount ? List the part id and amount . Which part has the least chargeable amount? List the part id and amount.
what is the highest saving balance ?
what is the highest saving balance ? what is the lowest saving balance ?
what is the highest saving balance ? what is the lowest saving balance ? can you show me a list of accounts name ?
what is the highest saving balance ? what is the lowest saving balance ? can you show me a list of accounts name ? Find the total savings balance of all accounts except the account with name ‘Brown’.
what is the city id of alberta district ?
what is the city id of alberta district ? ok good ! .what is last update in qld district ?
what is the city id of alberta district ? ok good ! .what is last update in qld district ? what is address of qld district ?
what is the city id of alberta district ? ok good ! .what is last update in qld district ? what is address of qld district ? Where does the staff member with the first name Elsa live?
Hello there ! Can you tell me , which media type is the least common associated with all tracks ?
Hello there ! Can you tell me , which media type is the least common associated with all tracks ? Thank you ! Can you show me the total number of occurrences for Purchased AAC as the media type ?
Hello there ! Can you tell me , which media type is the least common associated with all tracks ? Thank you ! Can you show me the total number of occurrences for Purchased AAC as the media type ? What is the least common media type in all tracks?
What are the names and opening years of the three churches that opened most recently ?
What are the names and opening years of the three churches that opened most recently ? What are the names and opening years of the three churches that opened the earliest ?
What are the names and opening years of the three churches that opened most recently ? What are the names and opening years of the three churches that opened the earliest ? Who were those churches organized by ?
What are the names and opening years of the three churches that opened most recently ? What are the names and opening years of the three churches that opened the earliest ? Who were those churches organized by ? Show the name and opening year for three churches that opened most recently.
Hello ! Could you provide me with a list of all of the channel IDs for which the `` time of day '' is morning ?
Hello ! Could you provide me with a list of all of the channel IDs for which the `` time of day '' is morning ? Thank you for that ! Could you update this list to include the channel name ?
Hello ! Could you provide me with a list of all of the channel IDs for which the `` time of day '' is morning ? Thank you for that ! Could you update this list to include the channel name ? Excellent ! Finally , can you show me what the ownership is of each of those stations ?
Hello ! Could you provide me with a list of all of the channel IDs for which the `` time of day '' is morning ? Thank you for that ! Could you update this list to include the channel name ? Excellent ! Finally , can you show me what the ownership is of each of those stations ? Find the names of the channels that are broadcast in the morning.
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees .
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees . What are the first and last names of employees in department id 90 ?
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees . What are the first and last names of employees in department id 90 ? What department id is Steven King in ?
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees . What are the first and last names of employees in department id 90 ? What department id is Steven King in ? What is Steven King 's Salary and Job id ?
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees . What are the first and last names of employees in department id 90 ? What department id is Steven King in ? What is Steven King 's Salary and Job id ? What is the highest salary and what employee id has it ?
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees . What are the first and last names of employees in department id 90 ? What department id is Steven King in ? What is Steven King 's Salary and Job id ? What is the highest salary and what employee id has it ? display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees.
how many ships have more than one captain ?
how many ships have more than one captain ? how many ships have a single captain ?
how many ships have more than one captain ? how many ships have a single captain ? what is the age of the oldest captain ?
how many ships have more than one captain ? how many ships have a single captain ? what is the age of the oldest captain ? what about the youngest ?
how many ships have more than one captain ? how many ships have a single captain ? what is the age of the oldest captain ? what about the youngest ? Find the name of the ships that have more than one captain.
Who is the oldest person ? | What attributes do you want for this person , name or something else ? | name
Who is the oldest person ? | What attributes do you want for this person , name or something else ? | name How many friends does Alice have ?
Who is the oldest person ? | What attributes do you want for this person , name or something else ? | name How many friends does Alice have ? How many of those are women ?
Who is the oldest person ? | What attributes do you want for this person , name or something else ? | name How many friends does Alice have ? How many of those are women ? Find the female friends of Alice.
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment .
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment . OK ! please give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is greater than 20000
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment . OK ! please give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is greater than 20000 Also give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is between 10000 and 20000 .
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment . OK ! please give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is greater than 20000 Also give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is between 10000 and 20000 . Ok. Can you please tell me which college has the lowest enrollment .
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment . OK ! please give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is greater than 20000 Also give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is between 10000 and 20000 . Ok. Can you please tell me which college has the lowest enrollment . And which college has the highest enrollment ?
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment . OK ! please give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is greater than 20000 Also give me the names of the colleges where enrollment is between 10000 and 20000 . Ok. Can you please tell me which college has the lowest enrollment . And which college has the highest enrollment ? Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment.
what is the name of the employee that supported the most number of customers ?
what is the name of the employee that supported the most number of customers ? what is their id ?
what is the name of the employee that supported the most number of customers ? what is their id ? what is their address ?
what is the name of the employee that supported the most number of customers ? what is their id ? what is their address ? Find the full name of employee who supported the most number of customers.
Yes | Sorry . I mean which game OR the sum of attendance of a team in its home game | The sum of attendance of a team in its home game
Yes | Sorry . I mean which game OR the sum of attendance of a team in its home game | The sum of attendance of a team in its home game What was the actual attendance in number ? | What do you mean by actual attendance | The attendance in home games for Altoona Mountain City
Yes | Sorry . I mean which game OR the sum of attendance of a team in its home game | The sum of attendance of a team in its home game What was the actual attendance in number ? | What do you mean by actual attendance | The attendance in home games for Altoona Mountain City Which team had the highest number of attendance ?
Yes | Sorry . I mean which game OR the sum of attendance of a team in its home game | The sum of attendance of a team in its home game What was the actual attendance in number ? | What do you mean by actual attendance | The attendance in home games for Altoona Mountain City Which team had the highest number of attendance ? * I have left the chat *
Yes | Sorry . I mean which game OR the sum of attendance of a team in its home game | The sum of attendance of a team in its home game What was the actual attendance in number ? | What do you mean by actual attendance | The attendance in home games for Altoona Mountain City Which team had the highest number of attendance ? * I have left the chat * Which team had the least number of attendances in home games in 1980?
How many buildings are in the list ?
How many buildings are in the list ? What are the buildings that have more than 50 capacity ?
How many buildings are in the list ? What are the buildings that have more than 50 capacity ? Can you rind me the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for those 20 buildings ?
How many buildings are in the list ? What are the buildings that have more than 50 capacity ? Can you rind me the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for those 20 buildings ? Can you show me the number of rooms with capacity greater than 50 for each building ?
How many buildings are in the list ? What are the buildings that have more than 50 capacity ? Can you rind me the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for those 20 buildings ? Can you show me the number of rooms with capacity greater than 50 for each building ? Find the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for each building.
How many patients are there ?
How many patients are there ? Can you show me the name of the patient who stays in room 111 ?
How many patients are there ? Can you show me the name of the patient who stays in room 111 ? Can you show me the insurance id of the patient who stays in room 111 ?
How many patients are there ? Can you show me the name of the patient who stays in room 111 ? Can you show me the insurance id of the patient who stays in room 111 ? Find the name of medication used on the patient who stays in room 111?
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? And the amount of courses ?
How many students are there ? And the amount of courses ? And how many courses did student 171 take ?
How many students are there ? And the amount of courses ? And how many courses did student 171 take ? How many courses do the student whose id is 171 attend?
What is the average market value
What is the average market value Which location is most profitable ? | What do you mean by location ? We have different companies in different countries . | Which company is the most profitable ?
What is the average market value Which location is most profitable ? | What do you mean by location ? We have different companies in different countries . | Which company is the most profitable ? What is the average sales of the companies ranked 1 , 2 and 3 ?
What is the average market value Which location is most profitable ? | What do you mean by location ? We have different companies in different countries . | Which company is the most profitable ? What is the average sales of the companies ranked 1 , 2 and 3 ? Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located.
Hi can you tell me how many games were in 1885 ? | Did you also requre the `` ties '' is '1 ' | how many games had ties ?
Hi can you tell me how many games were in 1885 ? | Did you also requre the `` ties '' is '1 ' | how many games had ties ? How many games in 1885 postseason resulted in ties (that is, the value of "ties" is '1')?
What is the average age of all students .
What is the average age of all students . Which student is older than the average age . | Do you want their id or last name or first name ? | The first name for the student older than the average age .
What is the average age of all students . Which student is older than the average age . | Do you want their id or last name or first name ? | The first name for the student older than the average age . Give me the count for the students older than the average age .
What is the average age of all students . Which student is older than the average age . | Do you want their id or last name or first name ? | The first name for the student older than the average age . Give me the count for the students older than the average age . Give me the count for the students younger than the average age .
What is the average age of all students . Which student is older than the average age . | Do you want their id or last name or first name ? | The first name for the student older than the average age . Give me the count for the students older than the average age . Give me the count for the students younger than the average age . Give me the count for all students
What is the average age of all students . Which student is older than the average age . | Do you want their id or last name or first name ? | The first name for the student older than the average age . Give me the count for the students older than the average age . Give me the count for the students younger than the average age . Give me the count for all students What is the most common major among female (sex is F) students?
Which wine has the highest price ?
Which wine has the highest price ? Which wine has the highest score ?
Which wine has the highest price ? Which wine has the highest score ? Which wine has the most cases available ?
Which wine has the highest price ? Which wine has the highest score ? Which wine has the most cases available ? How about winery with the least cases ?
Which wine has the highest price ? Which wine has the highest score ? Which wine has the most cases available ? How about winery with the least cases ? List the grape, winery and year of the wines whose price is bigger than 100 ordered by year.
Hi there ! Whew ! That was a long wait to join the chat ! Can you please show me what the largest single payment amount is ?
Hi there ! Whew ! That was a long wait to join the chat ! Can you please show me what the largest single payment amount is ? Great ! Can you provide me with the associated customer ID and payment ID ?
Hi there ! Whew ! That was a long wait to join the chat ! Can you please show me what the largest single payment amount is ? Great ! Can you provide me with the associated customer ID and payment ID ? Perfect ! Could you tell me which payment ID over $ 5.00 has the most recent payment date ?
Hi there ! Whew ! That was a long wait to join the chat ! Can you please show me what the largest single payment amount is ? Great ! Can you provide me with the associated customer ID and payment ID ? Perfect ! Could you tell me which payment ID over $ 5.00 has the most recent payment date ? What is the largest payment amount?
Hi can you tell me what is the average salary ?
Hi can you tell me what is the average salary ? What is the name of employees with three lowest salaries ?
Hi can you tell me what is the average salary ? What is the name of employees with three lowest salaries ? What is the highest salary in the company ?
Hi can you tell me what is the average salary ? What is the name of employees with three lowest salaries ? What is the highest salary in the company ? Show the name of employees with three lowest salaries.
Show average sales of the journals that have an editor whose work type is photo
Show average sales of the journals that have an editor whose work type is photo The one I asked before
Show average sales of the journals that have an editor whose work type is photo The one I asked before What is the average sales of the journals that have an editor whose work type is 'Photo'?
Show me the list of cmi cross reference ids please !
Show me the list of cmi cross reference ids please ! Which of those cmi cross reference ids are related to parking taxes ?
Show me the list of cmi cross reference ids please ! Which of those cmi cross reference ids are related to parking taxes ? What about cmi cross reference ids that not related ?
Show me the list of cmi cross reference ids please ! Which of those cmi cross reference ids are related to parking taxes ? What about cmi cross reference ids that not related ? Which cmi cross reference id is not related to any parking taxes?
Who does have a deputy policy ?
Who does have a deputy policy ? Find the names of the customers who have an deputy policy.
I was wondering what the maximum number of circulation history documents is for a single employee ?
I was wondering what the maximum number of circulation history documents is for a single employee ? Which employee are those documents associated with ?
I was wondering what the maximum number of circulation history documents is for a single employee ? Which employee are those documents associated with ? Ok , and how many drafts are associated with Kenyon ?
I was wondering what the maximum number of circulation history documents is for a single employee ? Which employee are those documents associated with ? Ok , and how many drafts are associated with Kenyon ? Which employee has showed up in most circulation history documents. List the employee's name and the number of drafts and copies.
How many parties have at least two records ?
How many parties have at least two records ? What are those parties ?
How many parties have at least two records ? What are those parties ? Who are the comptroller of those individuals ?
How many parties have at least two records ? What are those parties ? Who are the comptroller of those individuals ? Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
What is the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors ?
What is the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors ? How many authors are there ?
What is the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors ? How many authors are there ? What is the title of the paper that has the smallest number of authors ?
What is the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors ? How many authors are there ? What is the title of the paper that has the smallest number of authors ? What is the average number of authors for all titles ?
What is the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors ? How many authors are there ? What is the title of the paper that has the smallest number of authors ? What is the average number of authors for all titles ? Retrieve the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors.
How many churches are there ?
How many churches are there ? How many churches had weddings in 2015 ?
How many churches are there ? How many churches had weddings in 2015 ? Show all church names except or those that had a wedding in year 2015 .
How many churches are there ? How many churches had weddings in 2015 ? Show all church names except or those that had a wedding in year 2015 . Show all church names except for those that had a wedding in year 2015.
what is the current height of Hubert Henno
what is the current height of Hubert Henno How many male sex are there
what is the current height of Hubert Henno How many male sex are there which of the male has he highest weight | Would you like to know the name of the person who has the highest weight among sex M ? | yes of course
what is the current height of Hubert Henno How many male sex are there which of the male has he highest weight | Would you like to know the name of the person who has the highest weight among sex M ? | yes of course Find the average height and weight for all males (sex is M).
Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling ?
Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling ? what is the total number of customers ?
Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling ? what is the total number of customers ? ok .Who is the number one customer ? | Do you mean the customer with id 1 | yes
Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling ? what is the total number of customers ? ok .Who is the number one customer ? | Do you mean the customer with id 1 | yes Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling.
What are names of customers who have both mailshots in `` order '' outcome ? | Do you want the names of customers who have mailshot with an outcome code `` Order '' ? | Yes
What are names of customers who have both mailshots in `` order '' outcome ? | Do you want the names of customers who have mailshot with an outcome code `` Order '' ? | Yes What are the payment methods of those customers ?
What are names of customers who have both mailshots in `` order '' outcome ? | Do you want the names of customers who have mailshot with an outcome code `` Order '' ? | Yes What are the payment methods of those customers ? Show me names and payment methods of customers who have mailshot with an outcome code `` No Response ''
What are names of customers who have both mailshots in `` order '' outcome ? | Do you want the names of customers who have mailshot with an outcome code `` Order '' ? | Yes What are the payment methods of those customers ? Show me names and payment methods of customers who have mailshot with an outcome code `` No Response '' What are the name and payment method of customers who have both mailshots in 'Order' outcome and mailshots in 'No Response' outcome.
Hello , can you tell me which city hosted events in the most recent year ? | Which attribute of the city do you want ? | How about , what is the most recent year ?
Hello , can you tell me which city hosted events in the most recent year ? | Which attribute of the city do you want ? | How about , what is the most recent year ? What was the match id in 2013 ?
Hello , can you tell me which city hosted events in the most recent year ? | Which attribute of the city do you want ? | How about , what is the most recent year ? What was the match id in 2013 ? What is the city id that is associated with match id 6 in 2013 ?
Hello , can you tell me which city hosted events in the most recent year ? | Which attribute of the city do you want ? | How about , what is the most recent year ? What was the match id in 2013 ? What is the city id that is associated with match id 6 in 2013 ? What is id of the city that hosted events in the most recent year?
How many services has each resident requested
How many services has each resident requested List the resident_id , details , and the count in descending order of the count
How many services has each resident requested List the resident_id , details , and the count in descending order of the count Tell me the count of total number of residents
How many services has each resident requested List the resident_id , details , and the count in descending order of the count Tell me the count of total number of residents How many services has each resident requested? List the resident id, details, and the count in descending order of the count.
Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010 .
Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010 . How about the chair name for those years ?
Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010 . How about the chair name for those years ? Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010.
Show me the start station id for all trips .
Show me the start station id for all trips . How many of these occur at least 200 times ?
Show me the start station id for all trips . How many of these occur at least 200 times ? Show me the ids and names of these stations .
Show me the start station id for all trips . How many of these occur at least 200 times ? Show me the ids and names of these stations . Find the ids and names of stations from which at least 200 trips started.
How Many Students have Behavior Incident reports with recommendations ?
How Many Students have Behavior Incident reports with recommendations ? How many of those Recommendations required the students to leave the university ?
How Many Students have Behavior Incident reports with recommendations ? How many of those Recommendations required the students to leave the university ? What was the students last name and ID that had the most behavior incidents ?
How Many Students have Behavior Incident reports with recommendations ? How many of those Recommendations required the students to leave the university ? What was the students last name and ID that had the most behavior incidents ? Find the id and last name of the student that has the most behavior incidents?
Find the names of stadiums that the least swimmers have been to ?
Find the names of stadiums that the least swimmers have been to ? How many events in this table ?
Find the names of stadiums that the least swimmers have been to ? How many events in this table ? How many stadiums in this table ?
Find the names of stadiums that the least swimmers have been to ? How many events in this table ? How many stadiums in this table ? Find the names of stadiums that the most swimmers have been to.
What are the names of technicians from `` CLE '' ?
What are the names of technicians from `` CLE '' ? What about names from `` CWS '' ?
What are the names of technicians from `` CLE '' ? What about names from `` CWS '' ? And what are starting years shared by technicians from both teams ?
What are the names of technicians from `` CLE '' ? What about names from `` CWS '' ? And what are starting years shared by technicians from both teams ? Show the starting years shared by technicians from team "CLE" and "CWS".
What is the average latitude of stations located in San Jose city ?
What is the average latitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What is the average longitude of stations located in San Jose city ?
What is the average latitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What is the average longitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What are the installation dates for all stations in San Jose city ?
What is the average latitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What is the average longitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What are the installation dates for all stations in San Jose city ? What are the names of each of those ?
What is the average latitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What is the average longitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What are the installation dates for all stations in San Jose city ? What are the names of each of those ? What are the dock counts of each of those ?
What is the average latitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What is the average longitude of stations located in San Jose city ? What are the installation dates for all stations in San Jose city ? What are the names of each of those ? What are the dock counts of each of those ? What is the average latitude and longitude of stations located in San Jose city?
Hello , how are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the email addresses in this database ?
Hello , how are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the email addresses in this database ? Perfect ! Can you update the list to include all of the candidate IDs in addition to these email addresses ?
Hello , how are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the email addresses in this database ? Perfect ! Can you update the list to include all of the candidate IDs in addition to these email addresses ? Can you filter this list to show only the row that contains the email address of stanley.monahan @ example.org ?
Hello , how are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the email addresses in this database ? Perfect ! Can you update the list to include all of the candidate IDs in addition to these email addresses ? Can you filter this list to show only the row that contains the email address of stanley.monahan @ example.org ? Find id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan@example.org?
what are the districts that have city mall .
what are the districts that have city mall . what are the names of the districts where both city mall and village store type stores .
what are the districts that have city mall . what are the names of the districts where both city mall and village store type stores . Find the names of districts where have both city mall and village store type stores.
Which kinds of grapes are white ?
Which kinds of grapes are white ? List all the wines that use color white grapes . | What kinds of attributes of wines do you want ? | List wines made with white grapes .
Which kinds of grapes are white ? List all the wines that use color white grapes . | What kinds of attributes of wines do you want ? | List wines made with white grapes . Excellent . What is their average score ?
Which kinds of grapes are white ? List all the wines that use color white grapes . | What kinds of attributes of wines do you want ? | List wines made with white grapes . Excellent . What is their average score ? What is the average score of wines not made with white grapes ?
Which kinds of grapes are white ? List all the wines that use color white grapes . | What kinds of attributes of wines do you want ? | List wines made with white grapes . Excellent . What is their average score ? What is the average score of wines not made with white grapes ? List only the names and scores of wines made with white grapes .
Which kinds of grapes are white ? List all the wines that use color white grapes . | What kinds of attributes of wines do you want ? | List wines made with white grapes . Excellent . What is their average score ? What is the average score of wines not made with white grapes ? List only the names and scores of wines made with white grapes . What is the maximum , minimum , and average price of these wines ?
Which kinds of grapes are white ? List all the wines that use color white grapes . | What kinds of attributes of wines do you want ? | List wines made with white grapes . Excellent . What is their average score ? What is the average score of wines not made with white grapes ? List only the names and scores of wines made with white grapes . What is the maximum , minimum , and average price of these wines ? What are the names and scores of wines that are made of white color grapes?
State the phone name which has the least price on the list ?
State the phone name which has the least price on the list ? Which phone id has the highest stock on the list ?
State the phone name which has the least price on the list ? Which phone id has the highest stock on the list ? For each phone , show its names and total number of stocks ?
State the phone name which has the least price on the list ? Which phone id has the highest stock on the list ? For each phone , show its names and total number of stocks ? State the name of the Carrier of Iphone 6s ?
State the phone name which has the least price on the list ? Which phone id has the highest stock on the list ? For each phone , show its names and total number of stocks ? State the name of the Carrier of Iphone 6s ? For each phone, show its names and total number of stocks.
how many customers are presented on the table
how many customers are presented on the table please list out the customers name
how many customers are presented on the table please list out the customers name what is the highest customer code on the table
how many customers are presented on the table please list out the customers name what is the highest customer code on the table what is the address of Ahmed
how many customers are presented on the table please list out the customers name what is the highest customer code on the table what is the address of Ahmed What is the largest and smallest customer codes?
Can you tell me the location code with the most documents ?
Can you tell me the location code with the most documents ? Can you also tell me how many documents are there for that location ? | Do you mean the number of documents in the location with code x ? | Yes , please .
Can you tell me the location code with the most documents ? Can you also tell me how many documents are there for that location ? | Do you mean the number of documents in the location with code x ? | Yes , please . How about the location code with the least documents ?
Can you tell me the location code with the most documents ? Can you also tell me how many documents are there for that location ? | Do you mean the number of documents in the location with code x ? | Yes , please . How about the location code with the least documents ? What is the location code with the most documents?
what is the elevation of goroka airport
what is the elevation of goroka airport find the number of routes from the United States to Canada
what is the elevation of goroka airport find the number of routes from the United States to Canada Find the number of routes from the United States to Canada.
tell me course name for course id 301 and 302 ?
tell me course name for course id 301 and 302 ? Tell me the date of attendance for the student id 111 and 121 ?
tell me course name for course id 301 and 302 ? Tell me the date of attendance for the student id 111 and 121 ? How many students attend course English ?
tell me course name for course id 301 and 302 ? Tell me the date of attendance for the student id 111 and 121 ? How many students attend course English ? How many students attend course English?
Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray '' ?
Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray '' ? What is the name of that catalog ?
Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray '' ? What is the name of that catalog ? What are the dates of latest revision for those ?
Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray '' ? What is the name of that catalog ? What are the dates of latest revision for those ? Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` chocolate '' ?
Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray '' ? What is the name of that catalog ? What are the dates of latest revision for those ? Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` chocolate '' ? How many catalogs do they publish ?
Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray '' ? What is the name of that catalog ? What are the dates of latest revision for those ? Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` chocolate '' ? How many catalogs do they publish ? What 's the name of that catalog and its date of publication ?
Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` Murray '' ? What is the name of that catalog ? What are the dates of latest revision for those ? Could you please tell me all the catalog publishers whose name contains `` chocolate '' ? How many catalogs do they publish ? What 's the name of that catalog and its date of publication ? Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains "Murray"
What are the names of all the songs that have a lower rating than some song of the blues genre ?
What are the names of all the songs that have a lower rating than some song of the blues genre ? What are the names of all the songs that have a higher rating than some song of the blues genre ?
What are the names of all the songs that have a lower rating than some song of the blues genre ? What are the names of all the songs that have a higher rating than some song of the blues genre ? What are the names and ratings of all songs of the blues genre ?
What are the names of all the songs that have a lower rating than some song of the blues genre ? What are the names of all the songs that have a higher rating than some song of the blues genre ? What are the names and ratings of all songs of the blues genre ? What are the names of all songs that have a lower rating than some song of blues genre?
Show the albums of Billy Cobham .
Show the albums of Billy Cobham . Count the albums of Billy Colham .
Show the albums of Billy Cobham . Count the albums of Billy Colham . Name of the album .
Show the albums of Billy Cobham . Count the albums of Billy Colham . Name of the album . How many albums does Billy Cobham has?
How many different product categories are there ?
How many different product categories are there ? What units of measurement are used ? | can you give more information about you question ? | What unit of measurement is used for seeds category ?
How many different product categories are there ? What units of measurement are used ? | can you give more information about you question ? | What unit of measurement is used for seeds category ? What is the measurement used for chervil ?
How many different product categories are there ? What units of measurement are used ? | can you give more information about you question ? | What unit of measurement is used for seeds category ? What is the measurement used for chervil ? Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named "chervil".
How many products do you have ?
How many products do you have ? Find the number of characteristics that the product `` caraway '' has .
How many products do you have ? Find the number of characteristics that the product `` caraway '' has . Finally , can you provide the number of characteristics of the product with the name `` flax '' ?
How many products do you have ? Find the number of characteristics that the product `` caraway '' has . Finally , can you provide the number of characteristics of the product with the name `` flax '' ? Find the number of characteristics that the product "flax" has.
Hello , can you please provide me with a list of all Event IDs and Event names ?
Hello , can you please provide me with a list of all Event IDs and Event names ? Can you please filter this list to include only the rows that have 'Annual Meeting ' as the Event Name ?
Hello , can you please provide me with a list of all Event IDs and Event names ? Can you please filter this list to include only the rows that have 'Annual Meeting ' as the Event Name ? Can you show me which of the Events on this list took place in the United Kingdom ?
Hello , can you please provide me with a list of all Event IDs and Event names ? Can you please filter this list to include only the rows that have 'Annual Meeting ' as the Event Name ? Can you show me which of the Events on this list took place in the United Kingdom ? How many Annual Meeting events happened in the United Kingdom region?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id .
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id . What is the engineer visit id of that fault log entry id ?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id . What is the engineer visit id of that fault log entry id ? What is the contact staff id for that ?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id . What is the engineer visit id of that fault log entry id ? What is the contact staff id for that ? What is the fault status of that ?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id . What is the engineer visit id of that fault log entry id ? What is the contact staff id for that ? What is the fault status of that ? What 's the fault description for that ?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id . What is the engineer visit id of that fault log entry id ? What is the contact staff id for that ? What is the fault status of that ? What 's the fault description for that ? Tell me what the other fault details for that are , please ?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log ? List the number and the log entry id . What is the engineer visit id of that fault log entry id ? What is the contact staff id for that ? What is the fault status of that ? What 's the fault description for that ? Tell me what the other fault details for that are , please ? How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log? List the number and the log entry id.
how many Document Sections on the table ?
how many Document Sections on the table ? what are highest access count on the table ?
how many Document Sections on the table ? what are highest access count on the table ? how many type of section title on the table ?
how many Document Sections on the table ? what are highest access count on the table ? how many type of section title on the table ? What is the name of the document with the most number of sections?
What is the tax source system code for benefits and overpayments ?
What is the tax source system code for benefits and overpayments ? List benefit ID , please .
What is the tax source system code for benefits and overpayments ? List benefit ID , please . Order them by benefit ID , Please .
What is the tax source system code for benefits and overpayments ? List benefit ID , please . Order them by benefit ID , Please . Ok , can you show me the list of the source system codes ?
What is the tax source system code for benefits and overpayments ? List benefit ID , please . Order them by benefit ID , Please . Ok , can you show me the list of the source system codes ? What is the tax source system code related to the benefits and overpayments? List the code and the benifit id, order by benifit id.
What grapes have a score higher than 93 ?
What grapes have a score higher than 93 ? What are the appellations whose score is higher than 93 ?
What grapes have a score higher than 93 ? What are the appellations whose score is higher than 93 ? What are the names of wines whose score is higher than 93 ?
What grapes have a score higher than 93 ? What are the appellations whose score is higher than 93 ? What are the names of wines whose score is higher than 93 ? Can you please list the grapes , appellations , and names of wines whose score is higher than 93 ?
What grapes have a score higher than 93 ? What are the appellations whose score is higher than 93 ? What are the names of wines whose score is higher than 93 ? Can you please list the grapes , appellations , and names of wines whose score is higher than 93 ? List the grape, appelation and name of wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name.
what is the average of city populations ?
what is the average of city populations ? what is the highest city population ?
what is the average of city populations ? what is the highest city population ? which district has the least area ?
what is the average of city populations ? what is the highest city population ? which district has the least area ? Which district has the least area?
Yes please
Yes please How many members are in theat club ?
Yes please How many members are in theat club ? How many roles are in that club ?
Yes please How many members are in theat club ? How many roles are in that club ? How many different roles are there in the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
what is the status of Perth-Andover | The status of the city with official name Perth-Andover is Village . | what is the name of the city that is top in area km 2 .
what is the status of Perth-Andover | The status of the city with official name Perth-Andover is Village . | what is the name of the city that is top in area km 2 . Find the official names of cities with population bigger than 1500 or smaller than 500.
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6 ?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6 ? Which 2 members have the highest number of purchases ?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6 ? Which 2 members have the highest number of purchases ? What is the hometown of Myron Pryor ?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6 ? Which 2 members have the highest number of purchases ? What is the hometown of Myron Pryor ? What is the branch ID associated with Myron Pryor ?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6 ? Which 2 members have the highest number of purchases ? What is the hometown of Myron Pryor ? What is the branch ID associated with Myron Pryor ? What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6?
how many products in total are not in any event ?
how many products in total are not in any event ? and can you tell me the names of those 5 products ?
how many products in total are not in any event ? and can you tell me the names of those 5 products ? List the names of products that are not in any event.
Can you list the loan types , branch names and ids , and loan amounts ? | Did you mean the Ids of the branches ? | Yes , please .
Can you list the loan types , branch names and ids , and loan amounts ? | Did you mean the Ids of the branches ? | Yes , please . Hmm , I want to know the number of customers each bank branch has . | Would you like both the branch name and the branch ID ? | Yes please .
Can you list the loan types , branch names and ids , and loan amounts ? | Did you mean the Ids of the branches ? | Yes , please . Hmm , I want to know the number of customers each bank branch has . | Would you like both the branch name and the branch ID ? | Yes please . Please find out the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch .
Can you list the loan types , branch names and ids , and loan amounts ? | Did you mean the Ids of the branches ? | Yes , please . Hmm , I want to know the number of customers each bank branch has . | Would you like both the branch name and the branch ID ? | Yes please . Please find out the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch . Find the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch.
HOW MANY COUNTRIES DO NOT HAVE AN ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 3000 ?
HOW MANY COUNTRIES DO NOT HAVE AN ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 3000 ? WHICH COUNTRY HAVE A ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 5000
HOW MANY COUNTRIES DO NOT HAVE AN ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 3000 ? WHICH COUNTRY HAVE A ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 5000 WHAT IS THE HIGHEST LENGTH OF ROLL COASTER
HOW MANY COUNTRIES DO NOT HAVE AN ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 3000 ? WHICH COUNTRY HAVE A ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 5000 WHAT IS THE HIGHEST LENGTH OF ROLL COASTER WHICH PARK HAS HIGHEST SPEED OF ROLL COASTER
HOW MANY COUNTRIES DO NOT HAVE AN ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 3000 ? WHICH COUNTRY HAVE A ROLLER COASTER LONGER THAN 5000 WHAT IS THE HIGHEST LENGTH OF ROLL COASTER WHICH PARK HAS HIGHEST SPEED OF ROLL COASTER How many countries do not have an roller coaster longer than 3000?
What is the product ID for food ?
What is the product ID for food ? What are the order IDs that have those product IDs ?
What is the product ID for food ? What are the order IDs that have those product IDs ? What customer IDs have those order IDs ?
What is the product ID for food ? What are the order IDs that have those product IDs ? What customer IDs have those order IDs ? List the names of the customers who have once bought product "food".
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution What proteins are associated with Lindenwood University-Belleville ?
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution What proteins are associated with Lindenwood University-Belleville ? Between Centromeric protein E , putative and conserved hypothetical protein , which has the highest divergence from human lineage ?
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution What proteins are associated with Lindenwood University-Belleville ? Between Centromeric protein E , putative and conserved hypothetical protein , which has the highest divergence from human lineage ? What is the accession number for Centromeric protein E ?
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution What proteins are associated with Lindenwood University-Belleville ? Between Centromeric protein E , putative and conserved hypothetical protein , which has the highest divergence from human lineage ? What is the accession number for Centromeric protein E ? What is the sequence identity to human protein value associated with accession number XP_002429877.1
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution What proteins are associated with Lindenwood University-Belleville ? Between Centromeric protein E , putative and conserved hypothetical protein , which has the highest divergence from human lineage ? What is the accession number for Centromeric protein E ? What is the sequence identity to human protein value associated with accession number XP_002429877.1 Which protein has the highest sequence identity to human protein value ?
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution What proteins are associated with Lindenwood University-Belleville ? Between Centromeric protein E , putative and conserved hypothetical protein , which has the highest divergence from human lineage ? What is the accession number for Centromeric protein E ? What is the sequence identity to human protein value associated with accession number XP_002429877.1 Which protein has the highest sequence identity to human protein value ? Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution.
Can you show me the number of customers ?
Can you show me the number of customers ? how about the number of checking accounts ?
Can you show me the number of customers ? how about the number of checking accounts ? what 's the lowest balance of a savings account ?
Can you show me the number of customers ? how about the number of checking accounts ? what 's the lowest balance of a savings account ? who owns that account ?
Can you show me the number of customers ? how about the number of checking accounts ? what 's the lowest balance of a savings account ? who owns that account ? what 's the checking balance of that person ?
Can you show me the number of customers ? how about the number of checking accounts ? what 's the lowest balance of a savings account ? who owns that account ? what 's the checking balance of that person ? Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest saving balance.
What is the station name for the id 's 1 and 2 ?
What is the station name for the id 's 1 and 2 ? Which station has dock count higher than 15 ... | Would you like to know the station name or all the information ? | What are the ids of station that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7 ?
What is the station name for the id 's 1 and 2 ? Which station has dock count higher than 15 ... | Would you like to know the station name or all the information ? | What are the ids of station that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7 ? Tell me the installation date for the station id 4 ?
What is the station name for the id 's 1 and 2 ? Which station has dock count higher than 15 ... | Would you like to know the station name or all the information ? | What are the ids of station that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7 ? Tell me the installation date for the station id 4 ? What are the ids of stations that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7?
How many women are there ?
How many women are there ? And men ?
How many women are there ? And men ? How many people are there over the age of 30 ?
How many women are there ? And men ? How many people are there over the age of 30 ? How many of them are women ?
How many women are there ? And men ? How many people are there over the age of 30 ? How many of them are women ? How many female people are older than 30 in our record?
Find the name of route that has the lowest number of deliveries ?
Find the name of route that has the lowest number of deliveries ? How many route names in this table ?
Find the name of route that has the lowest number of deliveries ? How many route names in this table ? How many delivery route location in this table ?
Find the name of route that has the lowest number of deliveries ? How many route names in this table ? How many delivery route location in this table ? Find the name of route that has the highest number of deliveries.
which students are female ? | Do you want the ids of students who are female ? | yes
which students are female ? | Do you want the ids of students who are female ? | yes now give me the student ids of people who play football
which students are female ? | Do you want the ids of students who are female ? | yes now give me the student ids of people who play football show me the ids of the students that are both female and play football
which students are female ? | Do you want the ids of students who are female ? | yes now give me the student ids of people who play football show me the ids of the students that are both female and play football Show student ids who are female and play football.
What are all the tracks ?
What are all the tracks ? Which tracks are on the Movies Playlist ?
What are all the tracks ? Which tracks are on the Movies Playlist ? Which tracks are not in the music playlist ?
What are all the tracks ? Which tracks are on the Movies Playlist ? Which tracks are not in the music playlist ? Find the name of tracks which are in Movies playlist but not in music playlist.
what are the names of all drivers ?
what are the names of all drivers ? also give me their driver ids
what are the names of all drivers ? also give me their driver ids what are the number of years for working for each driver and their names ?
what are the names of all drivers ? also give me their driver ids what are the number of years for working for each driver and their names ? Show the names of the drivers without a school bus.
Show me the name of the film with film id 1 ? | Do you mean the title in the table file | yes
Show me the name of the film with film id 1 ? | Do you mean the title in the table file | yes Show all the films longer than 100 minutes ? | do you mean the films id ? | yes
Show me the name of the film with film id 1 ? | Do you mean the title in the table file | yes Show all the films longer than 100 minutes ? | do you mean the films id ? | yes Show me the name of all the films with release year 2006 ?
Show me the name of the film with film id 1 ? | Do you mean the title in the table file | yes Show all the films longer than 100 minutes ? | do you mean the films id ? | yes Show me the name of all the films with release year 2006 ? Show the names of all films except those who cost more than 200 for replacement ?
Show me the name of the film with film id 1 ? | Do you mean the title in the table file | yes Show all the films longer than 100 minutes ? | do you mean the films id ? | yes Show me the name of all the films with release year 2006 ? Show the names of all films except those who cost more than 200 for replacement ? Find all the films longer than 100 minutes, or rated PG, except those who cost more than 200 for replacement. List the titles.
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? what about courses ?
How many students are there ? what about courses ? how many students registered for just one course
How many students are there ? what about courses ? how many students registered for just one course what are their ids ?
How many students are there ? what about courses ? how many students registered for just one course what are their ids ? what is id of students who registered some courses but the least number of courses in these students?
How many different positions are there ?
How many different positions are there ? How many students have more than 1000 hours of training ?
How many different positions are there ? How many students have more than 1000 hours of training ? How many hours of training has the student with the most hours completed ?
How many different positions are there ? How many students have more than 1000 hours of training ? How many hours of training has the student with the most hours completed ? What is the maximum training hours for the students whose training hours is greater than 1000 in different positions?
what is the id of balls to the walls
what is the id of balls to the walls what is the name of all tracks in balls to wall
what is the id of balls to the walls what is the name of all tracks in balls to wall name the composer of balls to wall
what is the id of balls to the walls what is the name of all tracks in balls to wall name the composer of balls to wall List name of all tracks in Balls to the Wall.
Show the players and years played for players from team `` Columbus Crew '' .
Show the players and years played for players from team `` Columbus Crew '' . What is Hong 's singles record ?
Show the players and years played for players from team `` Columbus Crew '' . What is Hong 's singles record ? Show the players and years played for players from team "Columbus Crew".
Add a column for monthly rental to the table Addresses | i can not understand your question , can you give more information ? thanks | What 's the highest monthly rental in the table Student Addresses ?
Add a column for monthly rental to the table Addresses | i can not understand your question , can you give more information ? thanks | What 's the highest monthly rental in the table Student Addresses ? And what is the zip postcode of the address with monthly rental 1297.807 ?
Add a column for monthly rental to the table Addresses | i can not understand your question , can you give more information ? thanks | What 's the highest monthly rental in the table Student Addresses ? And what is the zip postcode of the address with monthly rental 1297.807 ? And can you also tell me the line 1 value from the table Addresses for the same property ?
Add a column for monthly rental to the table Addresses | i can not understand your question , can you give more information ? thanks | What 's the highest monthly rental in the table Student Addresses ? And what is the zip postcode of the address with monthly rental 1297.807 ? And can you also tell me the line 1 value from the table Addresses for the same property ? Hmmm ... can you also please tell me the address id for this same property ?
Add a column for monthly rental to the table Addresses | i can not understand your question , can you give more information ? thanks | What 's the highest monthly rental in the table Student Addresses ? And what is the zip postcode of the address with monthly rental 1297.807 ? And can you also tell me the line 1 value from the table Addresses for the same property ? Hmmm ... can you also please tell me the address id for this same property ? What are the id and zip code of the address with the highest monthly rental?
how many broadcast are presented on the table
how many broadcast are presented on the table what are all the channel are presented on the table
how many broadcast are presented on the table what are all the channel are presented on the table what is the owner name of CCTV-1
how many broadcast are presented on the table what are all the channel are presented on the table what is the owner name of CCTV-1 which channel are highest rating percent on the table
how many broadcast are presented on the table what are all the channel are presented on the table what is the owner name of CCTV-1 which channel are highest rating percent on the table what are the names of the channels that broadcast in both morning and night?
how many statuses are there
how many statuses are there what is the city of San Jose Civic Center
how many statuses are there what is the city of San Jose Civic Center how many stations there
how many statuses are there what is the city of San Jose Civic Center how many stations there What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available?
What is the region id for region name Denmark ?
What is the region id for region name Denmark ? Show me all storm ids affecting a region id of 12 .
What is the region id for region name Denmark ? Show me all storm ids affecting a region id of 12 . What is the name of this storm ?
What is the region id for region name Denmark ? Show me all storm ids affecting a region id of 12 . What is the name of this storm ? Show all storm names affecting region "Denmark".
HoW MANY employees have the letter z in their first name ?
HoW MANY employees have the letter z in their first name ? What are their first names ?
HoW MANY employees have the letter z in their first name ? What are their first names ? What about their last names ?
HoW MANY employees have the letter z in their first name ? What are their first names ? What about their last names ? Can you also show their cities ?
HoW MANY employees have the letter z in their first name ? What are their first names ? What about their last names ? Can you also show their cities ? display those employees who contain a letter z to their first name and also display their last name, city.
Out of all the farms , what are the maximum and minimum numbers of cows ?
Out of all the farms , what are the maximum and minimum numbers of cows ? And for horses ? | Do you mean total horses or working horses ? | total horses
Out of all the farms , what are the maximum and minimum numbers of cows ? And for horses ? | Do you mean total horses or working horses ? | total horses How many more oxen are there than cattle on farm id 1
Out of all the farms , what are the maximum and minimum numbers of cows ? And for horses ? | Do you mean total horses or working horses ? | total horses How many more oxen are there than cattle on farm id 1 What are the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type
Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type.
How many employees have the role name Editor ?
How many employees have the role name Editor ? Can you list their names in this chat box ?
How many employees have the role name Editor ? Can you list their names in this chat box ? How many have a DOB after 1978 ?
How many employees have the role name Editor ? Can you list their names in this chat box ? How many have a DOB after 1978 ? Show the names of employees with role name Editor.
hello . Can you tell me the number of states in which there are customers ?
hello . Can you tell me the number of states in which there are customers ? and what states are they , please ? | Do you mean the states of all the branches ? | what are the four states in which there are customers ?
hello . Can you tell me the number of states in which there are customers ? and what states are they , please ? | Do you mean the states of all the branches ? | what are the four states in which there are customers ? and which of those states has the most number of customers ?
hello . Can you tell me the number of states in which there are customers ? and what states are they , please ? | Do you mean the states of all the branches ? | what are the four states in which there are customers ? and which of those states has the most number of customers ? Find the state which has the most number of customers.
Can you list the swimmer names and their times ?
Can you list the swimmer names and their times ? Hmm , I also want to know their record times and the related events .
Can you list the swimmer names and their times ? Hmm , I also want to know their record times and the related events . Please tell me the name of the swimmer who has at least 2 records .
Can you list the swimmer names and their times ? Hmm , I also want to know their record times and the related events . Please tell me the name of the swimmer who has at least 2 records . Find the name of the swimmer who has at least 2 records.
How many movies are in the list ?
How many movies are in the list ? How many directors are on the list ?
How many movies are in the list ? How many directors are on the list ? How many of the directors have more than 1 film ?
How many movies are in the list ? How many directors are on the list ? How many of the directors have more than 1 film ? What are the titles from those 2 directors ?
How many movies are in the list ? How many directors are on the list ? How many of the directors have more than 1 film ? What are the titles from those 2 directors ? What are the years each of these movies were produced ?
How many movies are in the list ? How many directors are on the list ? How many of the directors have more than 1 film ? What are the titles from those 2 directors ? What are the years each of these movies were produced ? For directors who had more than one movie, return the titles and produced years of all movies directed by them.
Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is smaller than 10 ?
Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is smaller than 10 ? What are the dates of those ?
Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is smaller than 10 ? What are the dates of those ? What were the amounts of those transactions ?
Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is smaller than 10 ? What are the dates of those ? What were the amounts of those transactions ? Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is equal to or larger than 10 ?
Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is smaller than 10 ? What are the dates of those ? What were the amounts of those transactions ? Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is equal to or larger than 10 ? What were the dates of those transactions ? | Do you mean the transactions with share count equal to or larger than 10 ? | Yes please , if you do n't mind ?
Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is smaller than 10 ? What are the dates of those ? What were the amounts of those transactions ? Would you show the transaction type descriptions if the share count is equal to or larger than 10 ? What were the dates of those transactions ? | Do you mean the transactions with share count equal to or larger than 10 ? | Yes please , if you do n't mind ? Show the transaction type descriptions and dates if the share count is smaller than 10.
Can you tell me the average checking balance of all checking accounts ?
Can you tell me the average checking balance of all checking accounts ? Hmm , I also want to know the average savings balance of all savings accounts .
Can you tell me the average checking balance of all checking accounts ? Hmm , I also want to know the average savings balance of all savings accounts . Can you list the names of accounts whose checking balance is above the average checking balance , but savings balance is below the average savings balance ?
Can you tell me the average checking balance of all checking accounts ? Hmm , I also want to know the average savings balance of all savings accounts . Can you list the names of accounts whose checking balance is above the average checking balance , but savings balance is below the average savings balance ? Find the names of accounts whose checking balance is above the average checking balance, but savings balance is below the average savings balance.
Tell me the Location and Country of the Round 1 ?
Tell me the Location and Country of the Round 1 ? What is the pilot id of Prof. Zackery Collins ?
Tell me the Location and Country of the Round 1 ? What is the pilot id of Prof. Zackery Collins ? What is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot ...
Tell me the Location and Country of the Round 1 ? What is the pilot id of Prof. Zackery Collins ? What is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot ... what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot?
What is the storm name of the storm that affected the greatest number of regions ?
What is the storm name of the storm that affected the greatest number of regions ? What is the name of the storm with the lowest speed ?
What is the storm name of the storm that affected the greatest number of regions ? What is the name of the storm with the lowest speed ? What is the average speed of all the storms ?
What is the storm name of the storm that affected the greatest number of regions ? What is the name of the storm with the lowest speed ? What is the average speed of all the storms ? What 's the average damage in millions usd for all storms ?
What is the storm name of the storm that affected the greatest number of regions ? What is the name of the storm with the lowest speed ? What is the average speed of all the storms ? What 's the average damage in millions usd for all storms ? What is the storm name and max speed which affected the greatest number of regions?
Hello . What is the name of the employee that has showed up the most in circulation history documents ?
Hello . What is the name of the employee that has showed up the most in circulation history documents ? How many drafts have they shown up in ?
Hello . What is the name of the employee that has showed up the most in circulation history documents ? How many drafts have they shown up in ? How many copies have they shown up in ?
Hello . What is the name of the employee that has showed up the most in circulation history documents ? How many drafts have they shown up in ? How many copies have they shown up in ? Which employee has showed up in most circulation history documents. List the employee's name and the number of drafts and copies.
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry ?
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry ? Can you add to the table the room count for each entry ?
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry ? Can you add to the table the room count for each entry ? Can you find the entries with the highest room count and only keep those in the table ? | And still return the apartment type code and the room count ? | Yes , only for those entries with the highest room count .
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry ? Can you add to the table the room count for each entry ? Can you find the entries with the highest room count and only keep those in the table ? | And still return the apartment type code and the room count ? | Yes , only for those entries with the highest room count . Sorry , I think I misunderstood the question . Can you display only the apartment type codes again for each entry ?
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry ? Can you add to the table the room count for each entry ? Can you find the entries with the highest room count and only keep those in the table ? | And still return the apartment type code and the room count ? | Yes , only for those entries with the highest room count . Sorry , I think I misunderstood the question . Can you display only the apartment type codes again for each entry ? Can you add up the room counts for each distinct apartment type code and display those values along with their respective department type codes ?
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry ? Can you add to the table the room count for each entry ? Can you find the entries with the highest room count and only keep those in the table ? | And still return the apartment type code and the room count ? | Yes , only for those entries with the highest room count . Sorry , I think I misunderstood the question . Can you display only the apartment type codes again for each entry ? Can you add up the room counts for each distinct apartment type code and display those values along with their respective department type codes ? Amazing ! Can you do add up the bathroom counts and bedroom counts for the department type Flat and add those to the table ?
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry ? Can you add to the table the room count for each entry ? Can you find the entries with the highest room count and only keep those in the table ? | And still return the apartment type code and the room count ? | Yes , only for those entries with the highest room count . Sorry , I think I misunderstood the question . Can you display only the apartment type codes again for each entry ? Can you add up the room counts for each distinct apartment type code and display those values along with their respective department type codes ? Amazing ! Can you do add up the bathroom counts and bedroom counts for the department type Flat and add those to the table ? Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Who has filed the least amounts of complaints ?
Who has filed the least amounts of complaints ? Which product have they complained about ? | Who do you mean by `` they '' ? | Customer , 113 .
Who has filed the least amounts of complaints ? Which product have they complained about ? | Who do you mean by `` they '' ? | Customer , 113 . Which products has been complained by the customer who has filed least amount of complaints?
What are the names of the 8 countries with the greatest gross invoice size ? | Can you give details about the countries ? Do you mean billing country ? | Yes
What are the names of the 8 countries with the greatest gross invoice size ? | Can you give details about the countries ? Do you mean billing country ? | Yes Can you tell me which billing city has the letter `` O '' in its name please ?
What are the names of the 8 countries with the greatest gross invoice size ? | Can you give details about the countries ? Do you mean billing country ? | Yes Can you tell me which billing city has the letter `` O '' in its name please ? Can you tell me the billing addresses located in the billing city Boston ?
What are the names of the 8 countries with the greatest gross invoice size ? | Can you give details about the countries ? Do you mean billing country ? | Yes Can you tell me which billing city has the letter `` O '' in its name please ? Can you tell me the billing addresses located in the billing city Boston ? A list of the top 8 countries by gross/total invoice size. List country name and gross invoice size.
list the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on
list the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on what is the claim id of open
list the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on what is the claim id of open include claim stage id in the table | Do you wan na see all the claim stage ids ? | yes please
list the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on what is the claim id of open include claim stage id in the table | Do you wan na see all the claim stage ids ? | yes please What is the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on?
show a list of the invoice numbers
show a list of the invoice numbers add a column for order id
show a list of the invoice numbers add a column for order id show the date order placed for order id 9
show a list of the invoice numbers add a column for order id show the date order placed for order id 9 What is the placement date of the order whose invoice number is 10?
What page size do those products use ?
What page size do those products use ? Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size.
List the name of the company that produces more than one phone model .
List the name of the company that produces more than one phone model . Hmmm . Please list the name of the company that produces only one phone model .
List the name of the company that produces more than one phone model . Hmmm . Please list the name of the company that produces only one phone model . Ok. Can you show me the models produced by Nokia Corporation ?
List the name of the company that produces more than one phone model . Hmmm . Please list the name of the company that produces only one phone model . Ok. Can you show me the models produced by Nokia Corporation ? List the name of the company that produced more than one phone model.
What are the names of the bank branches ?
What are the names of the bank branches ? Which bank branches provide business loans ? | do you want the id or the name of the bank branches ? | Names of the bank branches please .
What are the names of the bank branches ? Which bank branches provide business loans ? | do you want the id or the name of the bank branches ? | Names of the bank branches please . What is the city of the bank branch that provides business loans ?
What are the names of the bank branches ? Which bank branches provide business loans ? | do you want the id or the name of the bank branches ? | Names of the bank branches please . What is the city of the bank branch that provides business loans ? Find the city and name of bank branches that provide business loans.
Show me a list of party themes
Show me a list of party themes Can you show me the corresponding party id and host id to each theme ?
Show me a list of party themes Can you show me the corresponding party id and host id to each theme ? Can you add host names to that table ?
Show me a list of party themes Can you show me the corresponding party id and host id to each theme ? Can you add host names to that table ? Show the themes of parties and the names of the party hosts.
Which country published the least papers ?
Which country published the least papers ? How about country with most papers ?
Which country published the least papers ? How about country with most papers ? How many papers did it publish ?
Which country published the least papers ? How about country with most papers ? How many papers did it publish ? Retrieve the country that has published the most papers.
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all store IDs along with the associated store names ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all store IDs along with the associated store names ? Thanks for that ! Can you filter this list to show only the Store ID and Store Name for stores with a district name of Khanewal District ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all store IDs along with the associated store names ? Thanks for that ! Can you filter this list to show only the Store ID and Store Name for stores with a district name of Khanewal District ? Find the names of all stores in Khanewal District.
how many game are there
how many game are there What injury had maicon | Maicon had the injury Knee problem . | how may total attendance have fedexfield
how many game are there What injury had maicon | Maicon had the injury Knee problem . | how may total attendance have fedexfield In which season and which stadium did any player have an injury of 'Foot injury' or 'Knee problem'?
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741 Give me the name for the student 1001 | Do you want the last name or first name ? | first name and the last name please
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741 Give me the name for the student 1001 | Do you want the last name or first name ? | first name and the last name please can you give me the students with president vote 1004 | What attributes of that student do you want ? | first and last names please
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741 Give me the name for the student 1001 | Do you want the last name or first name ? | first name and the last name please can you give me the students with president vote 1004 | What attributes of that student do you want ? | first and last names please Can you give me the first and last names for students with Vice President vote 1017
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741 Give me the name for the student 1001 | Do you want the last name or first name ? | first name and the last name please can you give me the students with president vote 1004 | What attributes of that student do you want ? | first and last names please Can you give me the first and last names for students with Vice President vote 1017 Give me the age for Linda Smith
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741 Give me the name for the student 1001 | Do you want the last name or first name ? | first name and the last name please can you give me the students with president vote 1004 | What attributes of that student do you want ? | first and last names please Can you give me the first and last names for students with Vice President vote 1017 Give me the age for Linda Smith Give me the names of all the students
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741 Give me the name for the student 1001 | Do you want the last name or first name ? | first name and the last name please can you give me the students with president vote 1004 | What attributes of that student do you want ? | first and last names please Can you give me the first and last names for students with Vice President vote 1017 Give me the age for Linda Smith Give me the names of all the students Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741.
How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the master customer ids and corresponding cmi details ?
How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the master customer ids and corresponding cmi details ? This is great ! Can you update this list to also show the corresponding cmi cross reference ids for each line of this list ?
How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the master customer ids and corresponding cmi details ? This is great ! Can you update this list to also show the corresponding cmi cross reference ids for each line of this list ? Can you filter this list so that the only rows that are displayed are those containing `` Gottlieb , Becker and Wyman '' ?
How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the master customer ids and corresponding cmi details ? This is great ! Can you update this list to also show the corresponding cmi cross reference ids for each line of this list ? Can you filter this list so that the only rows that are displayed are those containing `` Gottlieb , Becker and Wyman '' ? What are the distinct cross reference source system codes which are related to the master customer details 'Gottlieb, Becker and Wyman'?
What is the maximum market share of the browsers ?
What is the maximum market share of the browsers ? What is the minimum market share of all browsers ?
What is the maximum market share of the browsers ? What is the minimum market share of all browsers ? What is the average market share of all browsers ?
What is the maximum market share of the browsers ? What is the minimum market share of all browsers ? What is the average market share of all browsers ? Can you list the names of all browsers that have market shares above the average ?
What is the maximum market share of the browsers ? What is the minimum market share of all browsers ? What is the average market share of all browsers ? Can you list the names of all browsers that have market shares above the average ? What is the maximum, minimum and average market share of the listed browsers?
What is the profits billion of Company ExonMobil ?
What is the profits billion of Company ExonMobil ? What is the name of the company which has market value 213.7 ?
What is the profits billion of Company ExonMobil ? What is the name of the company which has market value 213.7 ? Where is the headquarters of the company general electric ?
What is the profits billion of Company ExonMobil ? What is the name of the company which has market value 213.7 ? Where is the headquarters of the company general electric ? List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies.
Find me the 5 customers who most recently purchased something . | What information about the customer do you need ? | I need the first name and last name please
Find me the 5 customers who most recently purchased something . | What information about the customer do you need ? | I need the first name and last name please How about their cities and states ?
Find me the 5 customers who most recently purchased something . | What information about the customer do you need ? | I need the first name and last name please How about their cities and states ? Can you also give me the countries ?
Find me the 5 customers who most recently purchased something . | What information about the customer do you need ? | I need the first name and last name please How about their cities and states ? Can you also give me the countries ? How about their e-mail addresses ?
Find me the 5 customers who most recently purchased something . | What information about the customer do you need ? | I need the first name and last name please How about their cities and states ? Can you also give me the countries ? How about their e-mail addresses ? Find out 5 customers who most recently purchased something. List customers' first and last name.
What is the date problem reported of w ?
What is the date problem reported of w ? What is the name of the person who reported a problem on 1976-12-18 23:54:41 ? | Here are the first and last names of the staff who reported a problem on 1976-12-18 23:54:41 . | What are her other staff details ?
What is the date problem reported of w ? What is the name of the person who reported a problem on 1976-12-18 23:54:41 ? | Here are the first and last names of the staff who reported a problem on 1976-12-18 23:54:41 . | What are her other staff details ? Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop.
Which department has the highest amount of students ?
Which department has the highest amount of students ? Do you know the total credits for the Civil Eng . Department ? | Did you want the sum of total credits across all students in the Civil Eng . department ? | Sure .
Which department has the highest amount of students ? Do you know the total credits for the Civil Eng . Department ? | Did you want the sum of total credits across all students in the Civil Eng . department ? | Sure . Ok , do you know the ID number for the department ? | Did you want the ID numbers for the students in the Civil Eng . department ? | please
Which department has the highest amount of students ? Do you know the total credits for the Civil Eng . Department ? | Did you want the sum of total credits across all students in the Civil Eng . department ? | Sure . Ok , do you know the ID number for the department ? | Did you want the ID numbers for the students in the Civil Eng . department ? | please Find the name of department has the highest amount of students?
How many albums are there
How many albums are there How many have fewer than ten tracks ?
How many albums are there How many have fewer than ten tracks ? How many albums are there other than those ?
How many albums are there How many have fewer than ten tracks ? How many albums are there other than those ? List title of albums have the number of tracks greater than 10.
How many phones are on the list ?
How many phones are on the list ? How many different chip models are there ?
How many phones are on the list ? How many different chip models are there ? How many chip models are not being used in phones with full accreditation ?
How many phones are on the list ? How many different chip models are there ? How many chip models are not being used in phones with full accreditation ? What are the names of the chip models not used in full accreditation phones ?
How many phones are on the list ? How many different chip models are there ? How many chip models are not being used in phones with full accreditation ? What are the names of the chip models not used in full accreditation phones ? Find the names of the chip models that are not used by any phone with full accreditation type.
Can you find the name of the most expensive hardware product please ?
Can you find the name of the most expensive hardware product please ? What is its product price ?
Can you find the name of the most expensive hardware product please ? What is its product price ? What is the product name and price for the least expensive hardware product ?
Can you find the name of the most expensive hardware product please ? What is its product price ? What is the product name and price for the least expensive hardware product ? What is the average price of all hardware products ?
Can you find the name of the most expensive hardware product please ? What is its product price ? What is the product name and price for the least expensive hardware product ? What is the average price of all hardware products ? What is the average price of all clothes products ?
Can you find the name of the most expensive hardware product please ? What is its product price ? What is the product name and price for the least expensive hardware product ? What is the average price of all hardware products ? What is the average price of all clothes products ? Find the name of the most expensive hardware product.
Show member names with a registered branch ?
Show member names with a registered branch ? Show member names without any registered branch ?
Show member names with a registered branch ? Show member names without any registered branch ? What is the total number of branches ?
Show member names with a registered branch ? Show member names without any registered branch ? What is the total number of branches ? Show member names without any registered branch.
What are the names of all players ?
What are the names of all players ? What are the names of their coaches ? | Do you mean list the names of players and names of their coaches together ? | Yes
What are the names of all players ? What are the names of their coaches ? | Do you mean list the names of players and names of their coaches together ? | Yes What are their sponsor names ?
What are the names of all players ? What are the names of their coaches ? | Do you mean list the names of players and names of their coaches together ? | Yes What are their sponsor names ? What is the gender of the sponsors ?
What are the names of all players ? What are the names of their coaches ? | Do you mean list the names of players and names of their coaches together ? | Yes What are their sponsor names ? What is the gender of the sponsors ? Show the names of players and names of their coaches.
Most number of students affected by which allergy ?
Most number of students affected by which allergy ? Which allergy affects student ID 1001
Most number of students affected by which allergy ? Which allergy affects student ID 1001 Which allergy affects student ID 1002
Most number of students affected by which allergy ? Which allergy affects student ID 1001 Which allergy affects student ID 1002 Which allergy has most number of students affected?
what are the sale ?
what are the sale ? How many purchase in this above the table
what are the sale ? How many purchase in this above the table what is the purchase investor Id ?
what are the sale ? How many purchase in this above the table what is the purchase investor Id ? Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types.
can you show me a list of headquarters ?
can you show me a list of headquarters ? can you show me list of founders ?
can you show me a list of headquarters ? can you show me list of founders ? can you show me an average of revenue ?
can you show me a list of headquarters ? can you show me list of founders ? can you show me an average of revenue ? What is the total revenue of all companies whose main office is at Tokyo or Taiwan?
how many employees there
how many employees there what is the planned destruction date of document ID 11
how many employees there what is the planned destruction date of document ID 11 what is the employee name of employee ID 30
how many employees there what is the planned destruction date of document ID 11 what is the employee name of employee ID 30 What are the names of the employees who authorised the destruction and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents?
Who is the person that has no friend ?
Who is the person that has no friend ? What is the job occupation of Zach ?
Who is the person that has no friend ? What is the job occupation of Zach ? Who is the person that has no friend?
what location are the clemson teams ?
what location are the clemson teams ? what scores were Clemson 's home games ?
what location are the clemson teams ? what scores were Clemson 's home games ? How about the road game scores for Clemson ?
what location are the clemson teams ? what scores were Clemson 's home games ? How about the road game scores for Clemson ? What about all games score for the Clemson school ?
what location are the clemson teams ? what scores were Clemson 's home games ? How about the road game scores for Clemson ? What about all games score for the Clemson school ? How about for the Duke school ?
what location are the clemson teams ? what scores were Clemson 's home games ? How about the road game scores for Clemson ? What about all games score for the Clemson school ? How about for the Duke school ? Find the location and all games score of the school that has Clemson as its team name.
Find the name of all the cities and states . | you want the columns of town_city and state_province_county , right ? | Umm . Give me the names and the states please
Find the name of all the cities and states . | you want the columns of town_city and state_province_county , right ? | Umm . Give me the names and the states please Can you give me the zip_postcode for Colorado
Find the name of all the cities and states . | you want the columns of town_city and state_province_county , right ? | Umm . Give me the names and the states please Can you give me the zip_postcode for Colorado Give me the cities where the state is Colorado
Find the name of all the cities and states . | you want the columns of town_city and state_province_county , right ? | Umm . Give me the names and the states please Can you give me the zip_postcode for Colorado Give me the cities where the state is Colorado Ok. Can you give me the cities where the state is NorthCarolina
Find the name of all the cities and states . | you want the columns of town_city and state_province_county , right ? | Umm . Give me the names and the states please Can you give me the zip_postcode for Colorado Give me the cities where the state is Colorado Ok. Can you give me the cities where the state is NorthCarolina Give me all the zipcodes
Find the name of all the cities and states . | you want the columns of town_city and state_province_county , right ? | Umm . Give me the names and the states please Can you give me the zip_postcode for Colorado Give me the cities where the state is Colorado Ok. Can you give me the cities where the state is NorthCarolina Give me all the zipcodes Find the name of all the cities and states.
Which committees have delegates from the democratic party ?
Which committees have delegates from the democratic party ? Which committees have delegates from the liberal party ?
Which committees have delegates from the democratic party ? Which committees have delegates from the liberal party ? Which committees have delegates from both parties , please ?
Which committees have delegates from the democratic party ? Which committees have delegates from the liberal party ? Which committees have delegates from both parties , please ? Which committees have delegates from both democratic party and liberal party?
List all instructors who taught a class in Fall 2009 | Did you mean the instructor IDs who taught a class in Fall 2009 | yes
List all instructors who taught a class in Fall 2009 | Did you mean the instructor IDs who taught a class in Fall 2009 | yes Remove all instructor IDs who did not teach in Spring 2010 from the list . | Did you mean retain the instructor IDs who both teach in Spring 2010 and in Fall 2009 | Retain the instructor IDs who did not teach in Spring 2010 but did teach in Fall 2009
List all instructors who taught a class in Fall 2009 | Did you mean the instructor IDs who taught a class in Fall 2009 | yes Remove all instructor IDs who did not teach in Spring 2010 from the list . | Did you mean retain the instructor IDs who both teach in Spring 2010 and in Fall 2009 | Retain the instructor IDs who did not teach in Spring 2010 but did teach in Fall 2009 Find the id of instructors who taught a class in Fall 2009 but not in Spring 2010.
How many customers in this table ?
How many customers in this table ? How many loan types in this table ?
How many customers in this table ? How many loan types in this table ? How many account types in this table ?
How many customers in this table ? How many loan types in this table ? How many account types in this table ? Find average account balance ?
How many customers in this table ? How many loan types in this table ? How many account types in this table ? Find average account balance ? Find the the name of the customers who have a loan with amount more than 3000.
what is the highest annual interchanges ?
what is the highest annual interchanges ? what is stations ' total passengers ? | Do you mean sum of total passengers in all stations ? | yes
what is the highest annual interchanges ? what is stations ' total passengers ? | Do you mean sum of total passengers in all stations ? | yes show all locations with only 1 station .
what is the highest annual interchanges ? what is stations ' total passengers ? | Do you mean sum of total passengers in all stations ? | yes show all locations with only 1 station . Show all locations with only 1 station.
Hello , what are the names of the faculty members who do n't participate in any activity ?
Hello , what are the names of the faculty members who do n't participate in any activity ? Which faculty members participate in activities ?
Hello , what are the names of the faculty members who do n't participate in any activity ? Which faculty members participate in activities ? What activities do Michael Goodrich and Gerald Masson participate in ?
Hello , what are the names of the faculty members who do n't participate in any activity ? Which faculty members participate in activities ? What activities do Michael Goodrich and Gerald Masson participate in ? In total , how many faculty members are there ?
Hello , what are the names of the faculty members who do n't participate in any activity ? Which faculty members participate in activities ? What activities do Michael Goodrich and Gerald Masson participate in ? In total , how many faculty members are there ? Show the ids of the faculty who don't participate in any activity.
Hi , can you tell me how many instructors there are ?
Hi , can you tell me how many instructors there are ? Can you tell me which instructor teaches the most number of courses ?
Hi , can you tell me how many instructors there are ? Can you tell me which instructor teaches the most number of courses ? Which building does the instructor who teaches the most number of courses live in?
Which organization hired the most research staff ?
Which organization hired the most research staff ? Can you give me just the organization id ?
Which organization hired the most research staff ? Can you give me just the organization id ? great , can you give me the organization type and detail too ?
Which organization hired the most research staff ? Can you give me just the organization id ? great , can you give me the organization type and detail too ? Which organisation hired the most number of research staff? List the organisation id, type and detail.
how many countries are participated ?
how many countries are participated ? how many players are participated ?
how many countries are participated ? how many players are participated ? how many colleges are participated ?
how many countries are participated ? how many players are participated ? how many colleges are participated ? Show the positions of the players from the team with name "Ryley Goldner".
How many assets does each third party company supply ? | Here is the result table of third-party companies and the number of ASSETS they held . For EXAMPLE , COMPANY 1 HELD 1 ASSET . | How many total assets are there ?
How many assets does each third party company supply ? | Here is the result table of third-party companies and the number of ASSETS they held . For EXAMPLE , COMPANY 1 HELD 1 ASSET . | How many total assets are there ? How many third party companies are there ?
How many assets does each third party company supply ? | Here is the result table of third-party companies and the number of ASSETS they held . For EXAMPLE , COMPANY 1 HELD 1 ASSET . | How many total assets are there ? How many third party companies are there ? How many assets does each third party company supply? List the count and the company id.
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ?
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ? what about the least ?
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ? what about the least ? What is Policy_Type_Code of Customer_ID 3 ?
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ? what about the least ? What is Policy_Type_Code of Customer_ID 3 ? What is the Start Date of Policy ID 143 ?
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ? what about the least ? What is Policy_Type_Code of Customer_ID 3 ? What is the Start Date of Policy ID 143 ? What is the Policy ID of Policy Type Life ?
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ? what about the least ? What is Policy_Type_Code of Customer_ID 3 ? What is the Start Date of Policy ID 143 ? What is the Policy ID of Policy Type Life ? Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers?
Which major has the most students ?
Which major has the most students ? How many students are in that major ?
Which major has the most students ? How many students are in that major ? What are their names , please ?
Which major has the most students ? How many students are in that major ? What are their names , please ? Who is the advisor for that major ?
Which major has the most students ? How many students are in that major ? What are their names , please ? Who is the advisor for that major ? Who is the advisor for the major with the second most number of students ?
Which major has the most students ? How many students are in that major ? What are their names , please ? Who is the advisor for that major ? Who is the advisor for the major with the second most number of students ? Which major has the most students?
How many documents are there ?
How many documents are there ? How many of them have expenses ?
How many documents are there ? How many of them have expenses ? What are the different document types ?
How many documents are there ? How many of them have expenses ? What are the different document types ? Is GV the only budget type ?
How many documents are there ? How many of them have expenses ? What are the different document types ? Is GV the only budget type ? How many documents do not have any expense?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all company IDs , with their names and headquarters locations ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all company IDs , with their names and headquarters locations ? Could you filter this same list to list only the Headquarter countries that have more than one company in them ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all company IDs , with their names and headquarters locations ? Could you filter this same list to list only the Headquarter countries that have more than one company in them ? Show the headquarters that have at least two companies.
Project details of project ID 1 ?
Project details of project ID 1 ? Which project have no outcome ? | so what would you want to know about the project have no outcome | List the project details of above ?
Project details of project ID 1 ? Which project have no outcome ? | so what would you want to know about the project have no outcome | List the project details of above ? Organisation ID of project ID 2 ?
Project details of project ID 1 ? Which project have no outcome ? | so what would you want to know about the project have no outcome | List the project details of above ? Organisation ID of project ID 2 ? Which projects have no outcome? List the project details.
What are some companies with more than 200 sales ?
What are some companies with more than 200 sales ? Can you sort the list in descending order of sales and profits
What are some companies with more than 200 sales ? Can you sort the list in descending order of sales and profits How many companies are in the list ?
What are some companies with more than 200 sales ? Can you sort the list in descending order of sales and profits How many companies are in the list ? Can you show me the list in descending order of sales and profits again ?
What are some companies with more than 200 sales ? Can you sort the list in descending order of sales and profits How many companies are in the list ? Can you show me the list in descending order of sales and profits again ? list the names of the companies with more than 200 sales in the descending order of sales and profits.
Can you list all the schools that have less than 5 different departments ? | BUS is the school code for schools with less than 5 different departments . | Can you list the number of departments with school code BUS ?
Can you list all the schools that have less than 5 different departments ? | BUS is the school code for schools with less than 5 different departments . | Can you list the number of departments with school code BUS ? Find the number of different departments in each school whose number of different departments is less than 5.
What are the resolutions of all songs with a rating lower than 8 ?
What are the resolutions of all songs with a rating lower than 8 ? What are the IDs and resolutions of all the songs with resolutions higher than those ?
What are the resolutions of all songs with a rating lower than 8 ? What are the IDs and resolutions of all the songs with resolutions higher than those ? What are the IDs and resolutions of all the songs with resolutions higher than or equal to 1080 ?
What are the resolutions of all songs with a rating lower than 8 ? What are the IDs and resolutions of all the songs with resolutions higher than those ? What are the IDs and resolutions of all the songs with resolutions higher than or equal to 1080 ? What are the song names and ratings of those songs ?
What are the resolutions of all songs with a rating lower than 8 ? What are the IDs and resolutions of all the songs with resolutions higher than those ? What are the IDs and resolutions of all the songs with resolutions higher than or equal to 1080 ? What are the song names and ratings of those songs ? What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8?
Which candidate was most supported | You mean the candidate who got the highest support rate ? | yes which candidate was most popular
Which candidate was most supported | You mean the candidate who got the highest support rate ? | yes which candidate was most popular what was Vincent Montmeat 's support rate
Which candidate was most supported | You mean the candidate who got the highest support rate ? | yes which candidate was most popular what was Vincent Montmeat 's support rate what was his opposition rate
Which candidate was most supported | You mean the candidate who got the highest support rate ? | yes which candidate was most popular what was Vincent Montmeat 's support rate what was his opposition rate Find the name and gender of the candidate who got the highest support rate.
What are the account details with the largest value ?
What are the account details with the largest value ? What about the account details with the value having the character '5 ' in it , please ?
What are the account details with the largest value ? What about the account details with the value having the character '5 ' in it , please ? What are the statement ids of those accounts , please ?
What are the account details with the largest value ? What about the account details with the value having the character '5 ' in it , please ? What are the statement ids of those accounts , please ? What about the account details with the value having the character '9 ' in it , please ?
What are the account details with the largest value ? What about the account details with the value having the character '5 ' in it , please ? What are the statement ids of those accounts , please ? What about the account details with the value having the character '9 ' in it , please ? Could you tell me the account ids of those accounts too ?
What are the account details with the largest value ? What about the account details with the value having the character '5 ' in it , please ? What are the statement ids of those accounts , please ? What about the account details with the value having the character '9 ' in it , please ? Could you tell me the account ids of those accounts too ? What are the account details with the largest value or with value having char '5' in it?
What is the name of the project with the highest hours ?
What is the name of the project with the highest hours ? What is the code of the project A Magnetic Primer Designer ?
What is the name of the project with the highest hours ? What is the code of the project A Magnetic Primer Designer ? Who are the scientists who are not assigned to the project Bte2 ?
What is the name of the project with the highest hours ? What is the code of the project A Magnetic Primer Designer ? Who are the scientists who are not assigned to the project Bte2 ? Find the names of scientists who are not working on the project with the highest hours.
Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition ?
Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition ? Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted only one competition ?
Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition ? Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted only one competition ? What were the themes of each of those competitions ?
Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition ? Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted only one competition ? What were the themes of each of those competitions ? What is the census rating of the city with the official name `` Plaster Rock '' ?
Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition ? Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted only one competition ? What were the themes of each of those competitions ? What is the census rating of the city with the official name `` Plaster Rock '' ? What is the census rating of the city that hosted the competition with the theme `` Carnival M is back ! `` ?
Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition ? Show me the official names of the cities that have hosted only one competition ? What were the themes of each of those competitions ? What is the census rating of the city with the official name `` Plaster Rock '' ? What is the census rating of the city that hosted the competition with the theme `` Carnival M is back ! `` ? Show the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition.
what are all the pixels are presented on the table
what are all the pixels are presented on the table how many screen modes on the table
what are all the pixels are presented on the table how many screen modes on the table which phone has the highest screen mode on the table
what are all the pixels are presented on the table how many screen modes on the table which phone has the highest screen mode on the table list out the chip models on the table
what are all the pixels are presented on the table how many screen modes on the table which phone has the highest screen mode on the table list out the chip models on the table Find the pixels of the screen modes that are used by both phones with full accreditation types and phones with Provisional accreditation types.
Show me the destination details of John F Kennedy International Airport
Show me the destination details of John F Kennedy International Airport Show me the routes details | do you mean the routes details of John F Kennedy International Airport ? | Yes
Show me the destination details of John F Kennedy International Airport Show me the routes details | do you mean the routes details of John F Kennedy International Airport ? | Yes Show me the number of routes that have destination John F Kennedy International Airport
Show me the destination details of John F Kennedy International Airport Show me the routes details | do you mean the routes details of John F Kennedy International Airport ? | Yes Show me the number of routes that have destination John F Kennedy International Airport Find the number of routes that have destination John F Kennedy International Airport.
Tell me the prices of Dining | Sorry , there is no product named `` Dining '' . There is , however , a product named `` Dinning '' . This might be a typo . Do you want to know the prices of `` Dinning '' ? | Tell me the prices of Dinning
Tell me the prices of Dining | Sorry , there is no product named `` Dining '' . There is , however , a product named `` Dinning '' . This might be a typo . Do you want to know the prices of `` Dinning '' ? | Tell me the prices of Dinning Show me the prices of Trading Policy
Tell me the prices of Dining | Sorry , there is no product named `` Dining '' . There is , however , a product named `` Dinning '' . This might be a typo . Do you want to know the prices of `` Dinning '' ? | Tell me the prices of Dinning Show me the prices of Trading Policy Show me the prices of Business Policy
Tell me the prices of Dining | Sorry , there is no product named `` Dining '' . There is , however , a product named `` Dinning '' . This might be a typo . Do you want to know the prices of `` Dinning '' ? | Tell me the prices of Dinning Show me the prices of Trading Policy Show me the prices of Business Policy Show the prices of the products named "Dining" or "Trading Policy".
What is the highest number of skills needed to fix a part fault ? | what did you want to get about the highest number of skills needed to fix a part fault | What is the name of the part that requires the most amount of skills to fix ?
What is the highest number of skills needed to fix a part fault ? | what did you want to get about the highest number of skills needed to fix a part fault | What is the name of the part that requires the most amount of skills to fix ? How many skills does it need ?
What is the highest number of skills needed to fix a part fault ? | what did you want to get about the highest number of skills needed to fix a part fault | What is the name of the part that requires the most amount of skills to fix ? How many skills does it need ? Which part fault requires the most number of skills to fix? List part id and name.
Which tracks were opened after year 2000 ? | Here are the ids for tracks that were opened after year 2000 , including 2 and 6 . | What are their names ?
Which tracks were opened after year 2000 ? | Here are the ids for tracks that were opened after year 2000 , including 2 and 6 . | What are their names ? And what are their seating capacity ?
Which tracks were opened after year 2000 ? | Here are the ids for tracks that were opened after year 2000 , including 2 and 6 . | What are their names ? And what are their seating capacity ? Yes , what are their locations ?
Which tracks were opened after year 2000 ? | Here are the ids for tracks that were opened after year 2000 , including 2 and 6 . | What are their names ? And what are their seating capacity ? Yes , what are their locations ? Show names and seatings, ordered by seating for all tracks opened after 2000.
what is the name of the actor that starred in most films ?
what is the name of the actor that starred in most films ? what is Gina Gegeneres 's actor id ?
what is the name of the actor that starred in most films ? what is Gina Gegeneres 's actor id ? when was Gina Gegeneres 's last update ?
what is the name of the actor that starred in most films ? what is Gina Gegeneres 's actor id ? when was Gina Gegeneres 's last update ? Which film actor (actress) starred the most films? List his or her first name, last name and actor id.
Hello , how many members are there ?
Hello , how many members are there ? What is the Nationality of the id number 4 .
Hello , how many members are there ? What is the Nationality of the id number 4 . What is the most common nationality ?
Hello , how many members are there ? What is the Nationality of the id number 4 . What is the most common nationality ? Show the names of members and the dates of performances they attended in descending order of attendance of the performances.
which student had highest grade | Here are the first and last names of the student who had the highest grade . | which letter grade has the lowest grade point ?
which student had highest grade | Here are the first and last names of the student who had the highest grade . | which letter grade has the lowest grade point ? Find the distinct student first names of all students that have grade point at least 3.8 in one course.
how many park there
how many park there what is the city of Riverside Park
how many park there what is the city of Riverside Park what is the park name of Anaheim city | Angel Stadium of Anaheim is the name of the park in city Anaheim . | what is the state of Columbia Park
how many park there what is the city of Riverside Park what is the park name of Anaheim city | Angel Stadium of Anaheim is the name of the park in city Anaheim . | what is the state of Columbia Park how many home game there
how many park there what is the city of Riverside Park what is the park name of Anaheim city | Angel Stadium of Anaheim is the name of the park in city Anaheim . | what is the state of Columbia Park how many home game there how many games in 1871 | Do you mean the number of home games in year 1871 ? | yes sir
how many park there what is the city of Riverside Park what is the park name of Anaheim city | Angel Stadium of Anaheim is the name of the park in city Anaheim . | what is the state of Columbia Park how many home game there how many games in 1871 | Do you mean the number of home games in year 1871 ? | yes sir How many games were played in park "Columbia Park" in 1907?
How many courses are there in Computer Science ?
How many courses are there in Computer Science ? Great , and how many courses are there in Arts ?
How many courses are there in Computer Science ? Great , and how many courses are there in Arts ? Wonderful . And how many courses in Language ?
How many courses are there in Computer Science ? Great , and how many courses are there in Arts ? Wonderful . And how many courses in Language ? Great , can you sort a list of Computer Science , Arts , and Language by the number of courses , in ascending order ?
How many courses are there in Computer Science ? Great , and how many courses are there in Arts ? Wonderful . And how many courses in Language ? Great , can you sort a list of Computer Science , Arts , and Language by the number of courses , in ascending order ? Find the subject ID, name of subject and the corresponding number of courses for each subject, and sort by the course count in ascending order.
What is the police force of counties on the east side ?
What is the police force of counties on the east side ? What is the police force of counties on the west side ?
What is the police force of counties on the east side ? What is the police force of counties on the west side ? What is the police force shared by county on both sides ?
What is the police force of counties on the east side ? What is the police force of counties on the west side ? What is the police force shared by county on both sides ? How many police officers are in the police force shared by county on both sides ?
What is the police force of counties on the east side ? What is the police force of counties on the west side ? What is the police force shared by county on both sides ? How many police officers are in the police force shared by county on both sides ? Show the police force shared by counties with location on the east and west.
Which district has the largest population ?
Which district has the largest population ? What is its headquartered city ?
Which district has the largest population ? What is its headquartered city ? What is that city 's area ?
Which district has the largest population ? What is its headquartered city ? What is that city 's area ? How many cities have a population over 500,000 ?
Which district has the largest population ? What is its headquartered city ? What is that city 's area ? How many cities have a population over 500,000 ? What are the names of those cities ?
Which district has the largest population ? What is its headquartered city ? What is that city 's area ? How many cities have a population over 500,000 ? What are the names of those cities ? Which district has the largest population?
what are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre ?
what are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre ? WHICH ARTISTS SUNG THE SONGS ?
what are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre ? WHICH ARTISTS SUNG THE SONGS ? how many songs has Enrique produced ?
what are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre ? WHICH ARTISTS SUNG THE SONGS ? how many songs has Enrique produced ? What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre?
What is the most common mill type ?
What is the most common mill type ? How many of those are there ?
What is the most common mill type ? How many of those are there ? What years were each of those built ?
What is the most common mill type ? How many of those are there ? What years were each of those built ? What is the most common mill type, and how many are there?
how many exhibition are presented on the table
how many exhibition are presented on the table ok fine then list out the artists name
how many exhibition are presented on the table ok fine then list out the artists name what is the age of Vijay Singh
how many exhibition are presented on the table ok fine then list out the artists name what is the age of Vijay Singh what is the highest ticket price on the table
how many exhibition are presented on the table ok fine then list out the artists name what is the age of Vijay Singh what is the highest ticket price on the table What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average ? ''
how many exhibition are presented on the table ok fine then list out the artists name what is the age of Vijay Singh what is the highest ticket price on the table What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average ? '' What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average?
What are the names of the players ?
What are the names of the players ? Who are their coaches ?
What are the names of the players ? Who are their coaches ? Show me these names in descending order based on number of player votes .
What are the names of the players ? Who are their coaches ? Show me these names in descending order based on number of player votes . also Show me the gender of the coaches and players .
What are the names of the players ? Who are their coaches ? Show me these names in descending order based on number of player votes . also Show me the gender of the coaches and players . How many votes did each player receive ?
What are the names of the players ? Who are their coaches ? Show me these names in descending order based on number of player votes . also Show me the gender of the coaches and players . How many votes did each player receive ? Please list this in descending order .
What are the names of the players ? Who are their coaches ? Show me these names in descending order based on number of player votes . also Show me the gender of the coaches and players . How many votes did each player receive ? Please list this in descending order . Show the names of players and names of their coaches in descending order of the votes of players.
How many professors do you have in buildings ? | Can you clarify your question ? | Total number of professors in NEB building ?
How many professors do you have in buildings ? | Can you clarify your question ? | Total number of professors in NEB building ? What of instructors ?
How many professors do you have in buildings ? | Can you clarify your question ? | Total number of professors in NEB building ? What of instructors ? What of total number of faculty ?
How many professors do you have in buildings ? | Can you clarify your question ? | Total number of professors in NEB building ? What of instructors ? What of total number of faculty ? How many Professors are in building NEB?
what is the average salary for all teams ?
what is the average salary for all teams ? ok , which team offering the highest salary ? | OK , do you want me to show the team name or id ? Also , are you asking about average salary ? | please give me the name . Yes !
what is the average salary for all teams ? ok , which team offering the highest salary ? | OK , do you want me to show the team name or id ? Also , are you asking about average salary ? | please give me the name . Yes ! Great ! How about the lowest salary ?
what is the average salary for all teams ? ok , which team offering the highest salary ? | OK , do you want me to show the team name or id ? Also , are you asking about average salary ? | please give me the name . Yes ! Great ! How about the lowest salary ? What are the name and id of the team offering the lowest average salary?
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please .
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please . Which of those were just football ?
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please . Which of those were just football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played football ?
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please . Which of those were just football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played athletics ?
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please . Which of those were just football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played athletics ? What are all sports names ?
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please . Which of those were just football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played athletics ? What are all sports names ? What 's the average hours per week all students played Lacrosse ?
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please . Which of those were just football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played athletics ? What are all sports names ? What 's the average hours per week all students played Lacrosse ? What are the student IDs of those students ?
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please . Which of those were just football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played football ? What 's the average hours per week all students played athletics ? What are all sports names ? What 's the average hours per week all students played Lacrosse ? What are the student IDs of those students ? Show all student IDs with more than total 10 hours per week on all sports played.
Can you show me all the tourist attractions ' names ?
Can you show me all the tourist attractions ' names ? Can you show me the ids for all these attractions ? | Do you mean Tourist Attraction IDs ? | yes
Can you show me all the tourist attractions ' names ? Can you show me the ids for all these attractions ? | Do you mean Tourist Attraction IDs ? | yes In addition , can you also show me the corresponding number of visits in the same list ?
Can you show me all the tourist attractions ' names ? Can you show me the ids for all these attractions ? | Do you mean Tourist Attraction IDs ? | yes In addition , can you also show me the corresponding number of visits in the same list ? Show different tourist attractions' names, ids, and the corresponding number of visits.
show me the name of the restaurant with ResID 1 ?
show me the name of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? can you show me the address of the restaurant with ResID 1 ?
show me the name of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? can you show me the address of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? Can you show me the rating of the restaurant with ResID 1 ?
show me the name of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? can you show me the address of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? Can you show me the rating of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? Can you show me how many restaurant is the sandwich type restaurant ?
show me the name of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? can you show me the address of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? Can you show me the rating of the restaurant with ResID 1 ? Can you show me how many restaurant is the sandwich type restaurant ? How many restaurant is the Sandwich type restaurant?
What buildings were founded in 2003 ?
What buildings were founded in 2003 ? what are the names of the buildings with institutions founded after 2003 ?
What buildings were founded in 2003 ? what are the names of the buildings with institutions founded after 2003 ? what are the names of the buildings with institutions founded before 2003 ?
What buildings were founded in 2003 ? what are the names of the buildings with institutions founded after 2003 ? what are the names of the buildings with institutions founded before 2003 ? Show the names of buildings except for those having an institution founded in 2003.
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? What are the first names of these students ?
How many students are there ? What are the first names of these students ? Out of these names , which names contain the letter a ?
How many students are there ? What are the first names of these students ? Out of these names , which names contain the letter a ? Find the first names of students whose first names contain letter "a".
what is the billing address of germany | Billing address is associated with each customer , not country . Please clarify your question . | what is the address of state sp
what is the billing address of germany | Billing address is associated with each customer , not country . Please clarify your question . | what is the address of state sp what is the country of support rep id 5
what is the billing address of germany | Billing address is associated with each customer , not country . Please clarify your question . | what is the address of state sp what is the country of support rep id 5 what is the name of album id 3
what is the billing address of germany | Billing address is associated with each customer , not country . Please clarify your question . | what is the address of state sp what is the country of support rep id 5 what is the name of album id 3 what is the unit price of track id 6
what is the billing address of germany | Billing address is associated with each customer , not country . Please clarify your question . | what is the address of state sp what is the country of support rep id 5 what is the name of album id 3 what is the unit price of track id 6 what is the composer of genre id 1
what is the billing address of germany | Billing address is associated with each customer , not country . Please clarify your question . | what is the address of state sp what is the country of support rep id 5 what is the name of album id 3 what is the unit price of track id 6 what is the composer of genre id 1 List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters.
hey , which 3 players won the most player awards ? list their full name and id
hey , which 3 players won the most player awards ? list their full name and id yes , the youngest .
hey , which 3 players won the most player awards ? list their full name and id yes , the youngest . which teams did the three play for ?
hey , which 3 players won the most player awards ? list their full name and id yes , the youngest . which teams did the three play for ? Which 3 players won the most player awards? List their full name and id.
what 's the highest price of book published on this list ?
what 's the highest price of book published on this list ? who 's the writer of The Black Lamb ?
what 's the highest price of book published on this list ? who 's the writer of The Black Lamb ? what 's the price for Wiley 's publication ? | Which of Wiley 's publications do you want to know the price for ? | the one of june 2006
what 's the highest price of book published on this list ? who 's the writer of The Black Lamb ? what 's the price for Wiley 's publication ? | Which of Wiley 's publications do you want to know the price for ? | the one of june 2006 who 's the writer of Bloody Mary ? | Did you mean Bloody Mary or Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty ? | Bloody Mary
what 's the highest price of book published on this list ? who 's the writer of The Black Lamb ? what 's the price for Wiley 's publication ? | Which of Wiley 's publications do you want to know the price for ? | the one of june 2006 who 's the writer of Bloody Mary ? | Did you mean Bloody Mary or Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty ? | Bloody Mary Show writers who have published a book with price more than 4000000.
Yes , sorry that I did n't make it clear . I meant the corresponding name and ID of the country for Dublin as capital , in the `` country '' table .
Yes , sorry that I did n't make it clear . I meant the corresponding name and ID of the country for Dublin as capital , in the `` country '' table . Thank you . Then could you please show me the positions of players from Ireland ? So country ID 4
Yes , sorry that I did n't make it clear . I meant the corresponding name and ID of the country for Dublin as capital , in the `` country '' table . Thank you . Then could you please show me the positions of players from Ireland ? So country ID 4 Great , thank you . What about their names ?
Yes , sorry that I did n't make it clear . I meant the corresponding name and ID of the country for Dublin as capital , in the `` country '' table . Thank you . Then could you please show me the positions of players from Ireland ? So country ID 4 Great , thank you . What about their names ? Thank you . Then could you please show me the players from Iraq ? | Do you want their names ? | yes , the 'player ' field , so names .
Yes , sorry that I did n't make it clear . I meant the corresponding name and ID of the country for Dublin as capital , in the `` country '' table . Thank you . Then could you please show me the positions of players from Ireland ? So country ID 4 Great , thank you . What about their names ? Thank you . Then could you please show me the players from Iraq ? | Do you want their names ? | yes , the 'player ' field , so names . What are the distinct positions of the players from a country whose capital is Dublin?
Tell me class code for class room BUS311 ?
Tell me class code for class room BUS311 ? Tell me professor employee number for course code ACCT-211 ?
Tell me class code for class room BUS311 ? Tell me professor employee number for course code ACCT-211 ? Tell me the class time for class section 3 ?
Tell me class code for class room BUS311 ? Tell me professor employee number for course code ACCT-211 ? Tell me the class time for class section 3 ? Find the number of classes offered for all class rooms that held at least 2 classes ?
Tell me class code for class room BUS311 ? Tell me professor employee number for course code ACCT-211 ? Tell me the class time for class section 3 ? Find the number of classes offered for all class rooms that held at least 2 classes ? Find the number of classes offered for all class rooms that held at least 2 classes.
What are the names of the different departments ?
What are the names of the different departments ? What are the names of all Statistics courses ?
What are the names of the different departments ? What are the names of all Statistics courses ? Find the title of course that is provided by both Statistics and Psychology departments.
please list the years of film market estimations in descending order .
please list the years of film market estimations in descending order . please list the years of film market estimations from Japan .
please list the years of film market estimations in descending order . please list the years of film market estimations from Japan . please list the years of film market estimations when the market is in country `` Japan '' in descending order .
please list the years of film market estimations in descending order . please list the years of film market estimations from Japan . please list the years of film market estimations when the market is in country `` Japan '' in descending order . Please list the years of film market estimations when the market is in country "Japan" in descending order.
Show the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' .
Show the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' . Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Benjamin '' .
Show the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' . Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . What was the elimination move when the wrestlers in team Batista were eliminated by `` Benjamin '' .
Show the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' . Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . What was the elimination move when the wrestlers in team Batista were eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . And what was the time duration in this case ?
Show the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' . Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . What was the elimination move when the wrestlers in team Batista were eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . And what was the time duration in this case ? Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Punk '' .
Show the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' . Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . What was the elimination move when the wrestlers in team Batista were eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . And what was the time duration in this case ? Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Punk '' . Hmmm . And what was the elimination move used ?
Show the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Orton '' . Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . What was the elimination move when the wrestlers in team Batista were eliminated by `` Benjamin '' . And what was the time duration in this case ? Show me the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by `` Punk '' . Hmmm . And what was the elimination move used ? Show the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by "Orton" and wrestlers eliminated by "Benjamin".
How many students have the family name `` Zieme '' ?
How many students have the family name `` Zieme '' ? What is that student 's personal name ?
How many students have the family name `` Zieme '' ? What is that student 's personal name ? List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name "Zieme" and personal name "Bernie".
What is the name of the shipping agent that shipped the largest number of documents ?
What is the name of the shipping agent that shipped the largest number of documents ? What is the name of the shipping agent that shipped the smallest number of documents ?
What is the name of the shipping agent that shipped the largest number of documents ? What is the name of the shipping agent that shipped the smallest number of documents ? What are the receipt dates of all of the documents Airline shipped ?
What is the name of the shipping agent that shipped the largest number of documents ? What is the name of the shipping agent that shipped the smallest number of documents ? What are the receipt dates of all of the documents Airline shipped ? Which shipping agent shipped the most documents? List the shipping agent name and the number of documents.
Can i get the customer name who has low credit score
Can i get the customer name who has low credit score From which state he was ?
Can i get the customer name who has low credit score From which state he was ? Wow ! What was his account type ?
Can i get the customer name who has low credit score From which state he was ? Wow ! What was his account type ? Find the name of customer who has the lowest credit score.
What is the transaction type code that occurs most often ?
What is the transaction type code that occurs most often ? What is the transaction type code that occurs least often ?
What is the transaction type code that occurs most often ? What is the transaction type code that occurs least often ? What is the average of all transactions ? | The average of all transactions is 11198167.237771427 | What is the average of all transactions with the transaction type code `` PUR '' ?
What is the transaction type code that occurs most often ? What is the transaction type code that occurs least often ? What is the average of all transactions ? | The average of all transactions is 11198167.237771427 | What is the average of all transactions with the transaction type code `` PUR '' ? What is the average of all transactions with the transaction type code `` SALE '' ?
What is the transaction type code that occurs most often ? What is the transaction type code that occurs least often ? What is the average of all transactions ? | The average of all transactions is 11198167.237771427 | What is the average of all transactions with the transaction type code `` PUR '' ? What is the average of all transactions with the transaction type code `` SALE '' ? Show the transaction type code that occurs the most frequently.
Hi there ! How are you ? Can you show a list of all customer IDs for customers who have loans in the amount of 5000 or more ?
Hi there ! How are you ? Can you show a list of all customer IDs for customers who have loans in the amount of 5000 or more ? Excellent ! Can you update that list to include the customer names and their account balances ?
Hi there ! How are you ? Can you show a list of all customer IDs for customers who have loans in the amount of 5000 or more ? Excellent ! Can you update that list to include the customer names and their account balances ? Awesome ! Finally , can you show me the number of loans and credit score for Owen ?
Hi there ! How are you ? Can you show a list of all customer IDs for customers who have loans in the amount of 5000 or more ? Excellent ! Can you update that list to include the customer names and their account balances ? Awesome ! Finally , can you show me the number of loans and credit score for Owen ? Find the name and account balance of the customers who have loans with a total amount of more than 5000.
What movies contain the words `` deleted scenes '' in the column Special Features ?
What movies contain the words `` deleted scenes '' in the column Special Features ? How many movies contain the words `` Deleted scenes '' in the Special Features column ?
What movies contain the words `` deleted scenes '' in the column Special Features ? How many movies contain the words `` Deleted scenes '' in the Special Features column ? What are their names ?
What movies contain the words `` deleted scenes '' in the column Special Features ? How many movies contain the words `` Deleted scenes '' in the Special Features column ? What are their names ? Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes' as a substring in the special feature?
Which students play video games ?
Which students play video games ? How about students who play sports ?
Which students play video games ? How about students who play sports ? Show ids of students who play video games and sports ?
Which students play video games ? How about students who play sports ? Show ids of students who play video games and sports ? Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
Hi I was wondering if you could tell me what the fastest roller coaster is ?
Hi I was wondering if you could tell me what the fastest roller coaster is ? cool can you tell me what that roller coaster 's height is too ?
Hi I was wondering if you could tell me what the fastest roller coaster is ? cool can you tell me what that roller coaster 's height is too ? great - do you know what its status is ?
Hi I was wondering if you could tell me what the fastest roller coaster is ? cool can you tell me what that roller coaster 's height is too ? great - do you know what its status is ? can you tell me the status that is shared by more than two roller coasters ?
Hi I was wondering if you could tell me what the fastest roller coaster is ? cool can you tell me what that roller coaster 's height is too ? great - do you know what its status is ? can you tell me the status that is shared by more than two roller coasters ? List the status shared by more than two roller coaster.
What organization id Denesik and Sons Party ?
What organization id Denesik and Sons Party ? What are the service type code of service id 10 ?
What organization id Denesik and Sons Party ? What are the service type code of service id 10 ? What organization details of service id 11 ?
What organization id Denesik and Sons Party ? What are the service type code of service id 10 ? What organization details of service id 11 ? What is the distinct service type that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party ' ?
What organization id Denesik and Sons Party ? What are the service type code of service id 10 ? What organization details of service id 11 ? What is the distinct service type that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party ' ? What is the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party'?
what is the highest salary ?
what is the highest salary ? what is the salary of instructor in math department ?
what is the highest salary ? what is the salary of instructor in math department ? what is McKinnon salary ?
what is the highest salary ? what is the salary of instructor in math department ? what is McKinnon salary ? what department is McKinnon ?
what is the highest salary ? what is the salary of instructor in math department ? what is McKinnon salary ? what department is McKinnon ? Find the name and salary of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department.
Hello ! Can you display a list of all of the Savings Account customer IDs and the associated balances ?
Hello ! Can you display a list of all of the Savings Account customer IDs and the associated balances ? Thanks ! Can you also update that list to show the checking balance for each customer ?
Hello ! Can you display a list of all of the Savings Account customer IDs and the associated balances ? Thanks ! Can you also update that list to show the checking balance for each customer ? Okay ! Can you show me the customer name that is associate with the lowest savings account balance ?
Hello ! Can you display a list of all of the Savings Account customer IDs and the associated balances ? Thanks ! Can you also update that list to show the checking balance for each customer ? Okay ! Can you show me the customer name that is associate with the lowest savings account balance ? Alright ! Can you now show me his checking account balance ?
Hello ! Can you display a list of all of the Savings Account customer IDs and the associated balances ? Thanks ! Can you also update that list to show the checking balance for each customer ? Okay ! Can you show me the customer name that is associate with the lowest savings account balance ? Alright ! Can you now show me his checking account balance ? Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest saving balance.
What is the average population across the counties ?
What is the average population across the counties ? Which county 's population is lowest ?
What is the average population across the counties ? Which county 's population is lowest ? What county has the highest population ?
What is the average population across the counties ? Which county 's population is lowest ? What county has the highest population ? And what is its zip code ?
What is the average population across the counties ? Which county 's population is lowest ? What county has the highest population ? And what is its zip code ? Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
What is the name of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ?
What is the name of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ? What is the name of the manufacturer that has the third lowest revenue ?
What is the name of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ? What is the name of the manufacturer that has the third lowest revenue ? Who is the founder of Creative Labs ?
What is the name of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ? What is the name of the manufacturer that has the third lowest revenue ? Who is the founder of Creative Labs ? What is the average revenue of all manufacturers ?
What is the name of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ? What is the name of the manufacturer that has the third lowest revenue ? Who is the founder of Creative Labs ? What is the average revenue of all manufacturers ? What is the name of the founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ?
What is the name of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ? What is the name of the manufacturer that has the third lowest revenue ? Who is the founder of Creative Labs ? What is the average revenue of all manufacturers ? What is the name of the founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue ? Find the name, headquarter and founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue.
What is the most common type code of all the products ?
What is the most common type code of all the products ? What are the product names of all products with the type code `` Food '' ?
What is the most common type code of all the products ? What are the product names of all products with the type code `` Food '' ? What are the prices of those ?
What is the most common type code of all the products ? What are the product names of all products with the type code `` Food '' ? What are the prices of those ? What are the names and prices of all products with the type code books ?
What is the most common type code of all the products ? What are the product names of all products with the type code `` Food '' ? What are the prices of those ? What are the names and prices of all products with the type code books ? What are the name and type code of the product with the highest price ?
What is the most common type code of all the products ? What are the product names of all products with the type code `` Food '' ? What are the prices of those ? What are the names and prices of all products with the type code books ? What are the name and type code of the product with the highest price ? Can you list all product names and their corresponding type codes of the products with prices below the average price ?
What is the most common type code of all the products ? What are the product names of all products with the type code `` Food '' ? What are the prices of those ? What are the names and prices of all products with the type code books ? What are the name and type code of the product with the highest price ? Can you list all product names and their corresponding type codes of the products with prices below the average price ? Show the most common type code across products.
What is the maximum grade point of all students who live in NYC ?
What is the maximum grade point of all students who live in NYC ? What is the minimum grade point of all students who live in NYC ?
What is the maximum grade point of all students who live in NYC ? What is the minimum grade point of all students who live in NYC ? What about for students who live in HKG ?
What is the maximum grade point of all students who live in NYC ? What is the minimum grade point of all students who live in NYC ? What about for students who live in HKG ? What is the maximum and minimum grade point of students who live in NYC?
how many Invoices there
how many Invoices there how many master card there
how many Invoices there how many master card there how many visa card use to payment
how many Invoices there how many master card there how many visa card use to payment What is the product ID of the most frequently ordered item on invoices?
Hello , how many students are over 18 ?
Hello , how many students are over 18 ? Perfect , and how many of those students are majoring in 600 ?
Hello , how many students are over 18 ? Perfect , and how many of those students are majoring in 600 ? Can you list each student 's first and last name ? | Students majoring in 600 ? | Yes that are over 18 as well .
Hello , how many students are over 18 ? Perfect , and how many of those students are majoring in 600 ? Can you list each student 's first and last name ? | Students majoring in 600 ? | Yes that are over 18 as well . Which student's age is older than 18 and is majoring in 600? List each student's first and last name.
can you show me average of credit scores ?
can you show me average of credit scores ? what is the highest credit score ?
can you show me average of credit scores ? what is the highest credit score ? what is the highest account balance ?
can you show me average of credit scores ? what is the highest credit score ? what is the highest account balance ? Find the name of customer who has the highest amount of loans.
how many store are presented on the table
how many store are presented on the table list out the store name
how many store are presented on the table list out the store name what is the city population of Attock District
how many store are presented on the table list out the store name what is the city population of Attock District what is the area size of Neguac
how many store are presented on the table list out the store name what is the city population of Attock District what is the area size of Neguac Find the number of stores in each city.
Please show me the names of wines by Brander winery .
Please show me the names of wines by Brander winery . Hmm , can you add the production years ?
Please show me the names of wines by Brander winery . Hmm , can you add the production years ? What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery ?
Please show me the names of wines by Brander winery . Hmm , can you add the production years ? What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery ? What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery?
How many trips lasted at least that long ? | Do you mean the number of trips whose duration is longer than the average duration of trips in zip code 94103 ? | yes
How many trips lasted at least that long ? | Do you mean the number of trips whose duration is longer than the average duration of trips in zip code 94103 ? | yes Find the id for the trips that lasted at least as long as the average duration of trips in zip code 94103.
what is the acc percent of each team ?
what is the acc percent of each team ? can you tell me what the lowest acc percent score is ?
what is the acc percent of each team ? can you tell me what the lowest acc percent score is ? what 's the highest acc percent score ?
what is the acc percent of each team ? can you tell me what the lowest acc percent score is ? what 's the highest acc percent score ? What is the highest acc percent score in the competition?
can you show me the document date ?
can you show me the document date ? can you show me the document name ?
can you show me the document date ? can you show me the document name ? can you show me document type code ?
can you show me the document date ? can you show me the document name ? can you show me document type code ? Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project'.
List out the all technician name
List out the all technician name list out the all machine id
List out the all technician name list out the all machine id list out the all technician age
List out the all technician name list out the all machine id list out the all technician age list the name of technician who have not been assigned to repair machines
List out the all technician name list out the all machine id list out the all technician age list the name of technician who have not been assigned to repair machines List the names of technicians who have not been assigned to repair machines.
How many section titles are there for the document `` David CV '' ?
How many section titles are there for the document `` David CV '' ? Please list the section titles for the document `` David CV ''
How many section titles are there for the document `` David CV '' ? Please list the section titles for the document `` David CV '' what is the section code for the section title `` after '' for the document `` David CV '' ?
How many section titles are there for the document `` David CV '' ? Please list the section titles for the document `` David CV '' what is the section code for the section title `` after '' for the document `` David CV '' ? what is the document code for the section title `` after '' for the document `` David CV '' ?
How many section titles are there for the document `` David CV '' ? Please list the section titles for the document `` David CV '' what is the section code for the section title `` after '' for the document `` David CV '' ? what is the document code for the section title `` after '' for the document `` David CV '' ? What are all the section titles of the document named "David CV"?
Tell me the document date of the project id 30 ?
Tell me the document date of the project id 30 ? Tell me the statement details of the statement id 197 ?
Tell me the document date of the project id 30 ? Tell me the statement details of the statement id 197 ? Tell me the document name of the document id 42 ?
Tell me the document date of the project id 30 ? Tell me the statement details of the statement id 197 ? Tell me the document name of the document id 42 ? Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project ' ?
Tell me the document date of the project id 30 ? Tell me the statement details of the statement id 197 ? Tell me the document name of the document id 42 ? Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project ' ? Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project'.
can you show me useracct name ? | Would you like a list of the names of the users ? | yes
can you show me useracct name ? | Would you like a list of the names of the users ? | yes can you show me target user id | Would you like a list of all the target user id ? | yes
can you show me useracct name ? | Would you like a list of the names of the users ? | yes can you show me target user id | Would you like a list of all the target user id ? | yes Find the name of the target user with the lowest trust score.
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Rohan '' ?
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Rohan '' ? Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Bergnaum '' ?
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Rohan '' ? Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Bergnaum '' ? Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Hansen '' ?
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Rohan '' ? Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Bergnaum '' ? Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name `` Hansen '' ? Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name "Fahey".
Which team of players has the smallest age ? | Did you mean to ask for the team of the player with the smallest age ? | yes
Which team of players has the smallest age ? | Did you mean to ask for the team of the player with the smallest age ? | yes Which team does Timothy Beckham play for ?
Which team of players has the smallest age ? | Did you mean to ask for the team of the player with the smallest age ? | yes Which team does Timothy Beckham play for ? How old is he and what position does he play ?
Which team of players has the smallest age ? | Did you mean to ask for the team of the player with the smallest age ? | yes Which team does Timothy Beckham play for ? How old is he and what position does he play ? What position does Eric Hosmer play ?
Which team of players has the smallest age ? | Did you mean to ask for the team of the player with the smallest age ? | yes Which team does Timothy Beckham play for ? How old is he and what position does he play ? What position does Eric Hosmer play ? List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages.
Hello ! Can you list the film ID of the film with the most copies in the inventory ?
Hello ! Can you list the film ID of the film with the most copies in the inventory ? Thank you ! Can you show include the flim 's title to that list ?
Hello ! Can you list the film ID of the film with the most copies in the inventory ? Thank you ! Can you show include the flim 's title to that list ? Great ! Can I see the description for that movie , in addition to its rating and special features ?
Hello ! Can you list the film ID of the film with the most copies in the inventory ? Thank you ! Can you show include the flim 's title to that list ? Great ! Can I see the description for that movie , in addition to its rating and special features ? Which film has the most copies in the inventory? List both title and id.
I want to know how many perpetrators are taller than 1.84 | So do you mean the kills of perpetrators with height more than 1.84 ? | Yes , that 's exactly what I mean
I want to know how many perpetrators are taller than 1.84 | So do you mean the kills of perpetrators with height more than 1.84 ? | Yes , that 's exactly what I mean How many perpetrators does that include ?
I want to know how many perpetrators are taller than 1.84 | So do you mean the kills of perpetrators with height more than 1.84 ? | Yes , that 's exactly what I mean How many perpetrators does that include ? When did the earliest killing take place ?
I want to know how many perpetrators are taller than 1.84 | So do you mean the kills of perpetrators with height more than 1.84 ? | Yes , that 's exactly what I mean How many perpetrators does that include ? When did the earliest killing take place ? Can you tell me how many people were injured for the most recent date ?
I want to know how many perpetrators are taller than 1.84 | So do you mean the kills of perpetrators with height more than 1.84 ? | Yes , that 's exactly what I mean How many perpetrators does that include ? When did the earliest killing take place ? Can you tell me how many people were injured for the most recent date ? Which country had the most killings and injuries ? | Do you mean killings plus injuries together ? | Yes , that is what I mean .
I want to know how many perpetrators are taller than 1.84 | So do you mean the kills of perpetrators with height more than 1.84 ? | Yes , that 's exactly what I mean How many perpetrators does that include ? When did the earliest killing take place ? Can you tell me how many people were injured for the most recent date ? Which country had the most killings and injuries ? | Do you mean killings plus injuries together ? | Yes , that is what I mean . What is the total kills of the perpetrators with height more than 1.84.
what 's the zip code of Lyla address of where she lives ?
what 's the zip code of Lyla address of where she lives ? where is the city where Lyla stays ?
what 's the zip code of Lyla address of where she lives ? where is the city where Lyla stays ? what 's Lyla last name ?
what 's the zip code of Lyla address of where she lives ? where is the city where Lyla stays ? what 's Lyla last name ? What is the zip code of the address where the teacher with first name "Lyla" lives?
How many professors in the school ?
How many professors in the school ? And what about the accounting department ?
How many professors in the school ? And what about the accounting department ? Find the number of professors in accounting department.
I 'd like to know about the prerequisites for courses
I 'd like to know about the prerequisites for courses What courses have more than one prerequisite ?
I 'd like to know about the prerequisites for courses What courses have more than one prerequisite ? What are the title , credit and department of these courses ?
I 'd like to know about the prerequisites for courses What courses have more than one prerequisite ? What are the title , credit and department of these courses ? how many prerequisite credits are needed ? | Which course ? | Game programming
I 'd like to know about the prerequisites for courses What courses have more than one prerequisite ? What are the title , credit and department of these courses ? how many prerequisite credits are needed ? | Which course ? | Game programming Find the title, credit, and department name of courses that have more than one prerequisites?
What are the first and last names of all customers who do n't have an account ?
What are the first and last names of all customers who do n't have an account ? Can you list the addresses of all customers that have VIP as their other account details ?
What are the first and last names of all customers who do n't have an account ? Can you list the addresses of all customers that have VIP as their other account details ? COuld you list the account names of all customers with the letter G or A in their first or last names ?
What are the first and last names of all customers who do n't have an account ? Can you list the addresses of all customers that have VIP as their other account details ? COuld you list the account names of all customers with the letter G or A in their first or last names ? Show the first names and last names of customers without any account.
What is the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff ?
What is the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff ? What 's the name and gender of the staff with the job of Sales Person ?
What is the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff ? What 's the name and gender of the staff with the job of Sales Person ? What 's the name and gender of the staff who was never assigned to Clerical Staff .
What is the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff ? What 's the name and gender of the staff with the job of Sales Person ? What 's the name and gender of the staff who was never assigned to Clerical Staff . Find the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff.
how many phones are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table phone ? | exactly
how many phones are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table phone ? | exactly list out the company name
how many phones are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table phone ? | exactly list out the company name list the hardware model name
how many phones are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table phone ? | exactly list out the company name list the hardware model name what is the chip model of XPERIA T , XPERIA J
how many phones are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table phone ? | exactly list out the company name list the hardware model name what is the chip model of XPERIA T , XPERIA J Find all phones that have word 'Full' in their accreditation types. List the Hardware Model name and Company name.
What are the districts of the addresses ?
What are the districts of the addresses ? How about the district which has at least two addresses ?
What are the districts of the addresses ? How about the district which has at least two addresses ? Which districts have at least two addresses?
count the number of records for each track id | do you mean count the number of race ids for each track id ? | How about this -- list all track Ids
count the number of records for each track id | do you mean count the number of race ids for each track id ? | How about this -- list all track Ids add a column for track name
count the number of records for each track id | do you mean count the number of race ids for each track id ? | How about this -- list all track Ids add a column for track name add a column showing the total number of rows in the table race that contain each of the Track_IDs
count the number of records for each track id | do you mean count the number of race ids for each track id ? | How about this -- list all track Ids add a column for track name add a column showing the total number of rows in the table race that contain each of the Track_IDs Filter the list to show only those rows with a number in the count column that is greater than 1
count the number of records for each track id | do you mean count the number of race ids for each track id ? | How about this -- list all track Ids add a column for track name add a column showing the total number of rows in the table race that contain each of the Track_IDs Filter the list to show only those rows with a number in the count column that is greater than 1 Show the name of track with most number of races.
How many trains are there per station ?
How many trains are there per station ? What are the station network names ?
How many trains are there per station ? What are the station network names ? What services do they offer ?
How many trains are there per station ? What are the station network names ? What services do they offer ? Find the number of trains for each station, as well as the station network name and services.
List all staff names with their gender ...
List all staff names with their gender ... List all department id 's with their corresponding job title code .
List all staff names with their gender ... List all department id 's with their corresponding job title code . How many staffs are working as Sales Person or Clerical Staff ?
List all staff names with their gender ... List all department id 's with their corresponding job title code . How many staffs are working as Sales Person or Clerical Staff ? Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period .
List all staff names with their gender ... List all department id 's with their corresponding job title code . How many staffs are working as Sales Person or Clerical Staff ? Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period . Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period.
What are the emails of the students with the first name Emma ?
What are the emails of the students with the first name Emma ? What about last name Rohan ? | The emails of the students with the last name Rohan is derrick.jenkins @ example.com | What is that person 's student id ?
What are the emails of the students with the first name Emma ? What about last name Rohan ? | The emails of the students with the last name Rohan is derrick.jenkins @ example.com | What is that person 's student id ? What is the name of the student with id 4 ? | Here are the first , middle , and last name of the student with id 4 . | What is their email address ?
What are the emails of the students with the first name Emma ? What about last name Rohan ? | The emails of the students with the last name Rohan is derrick.jenkins @ example.com | What is that person 's student id ? What is the name of the student with id 4 ? | Here are the first , middle , and last name of the student with id 4 . | What is their email address ? What is the email of the student with first name "Emma" and last name "Rohan"?
Hello ! Can you give me a list of all of the forenames and surnames of the various drivers ?
Hello ! Can you give me a list of all of the forenames and surnames of the various drivers ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show just the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest lap time ?
Hello ! Can you give me a list of all of the forenames and surnames of the various drivers ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show just the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest lap time ? Perfect ! Can you tell me what the nationality or country of origin of Lewis and Hamilton is ?
Hello ! Can you give me a list of all of the forenames and surnames of the various drivers ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show just the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest lap time ? Perfect ! Can you tell me what the nationality or country of origin of Lewis and Hamilton is ? What are the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest laptime?
What is the average age of all males ?
What is the average age of all males ? What are all the jobs of males ?
What is the average age of all males ? What are all the jobs of males ? What are the average ages of male engineers and male doctors ?
What is the average age of all males ? What are all the jobs of males ? What are the average ages of male engineers and male doctors ? What is average age of male for different job title?
What are the top 5 genres ? | Do you mean sort by the id number ? | Yes please
What are the top 5 genres ? | Do you mean sort by the id number ? | Yes please Could you please provide the total tracks on each top 5 genres by number of tracks ?
What are the top 5 genres ? | Do you mean sort by the id number ? | Yes please Could you please provide the total tracks on each top 5 genres by number of tracks ? Do you have the best composer of each top 5 genre by number of tracks ?
What are the top 5 genres ? | Do you mean sort by the id number ? | Yes please Could you please provide the total tracks on each top 5 genres by number of tracks ? Do you have the best composer of each top 5 genre by number of tracks ? Overall , do you have the best ranked composer ? | I do not quite understand what you mean . Do you mean rank by milliseconds ? | Yes please .
What are the top 5 genres ? | Do you mean sort by the id number ? | Yes please Could you please provide the total tracks on each top 5 genres by number of tracks ? Do you have the best composer of each top 5 genre by number of tracks ? Overall , do you have the best ranked composer ? | I do not quite understand what you mean . Do you mean rank by milliseconds ? | Yes please . List the top 5 genres by number of tracks. List genres name and total tracks.
Could you please display the first name and last name of each employee ?
Could you please display the first name and last name of each employee ? Could you add in their departments please ?
Could you please display the first name and last name of each employee ? Could you add in their departments please ? Could you also list their cities and state provinces ?
Could you please display the first name and last name of each employee ? Could you add in their departments please ? Could you also list their cities and state provinces ? display the first and last name, department, city, and state province for each employee.
WHAT IS THE AIRPORT NAME OF GORKA CITY IN AIRPORT TABLE ?
WHAT IS THE AIRPORT NAME OF GORKA CITY IN AIRPORT TABLE ? MADANG CITY SITUATED IN WHICH COUNTRY ? IN AIRPORT TABLE
WHAT IS THE AIRPORT NAME OF GORKA CITY IN AIRPORT TABLE ? MADANG CITY SITUATED IN WHICH COUNTRY ? IN AIRPORT TABLE * I have left the chat *
WHAT IS THE AIRPORT NAME OF GORKA CITY IN AIRPORT TABLE ? MADANG CITY SITUATED IN WHICH COUNTRY ? IN AIRPORT TABLE * I have left the chat * Find the busiest source airport that runs most number of routes in China.
Who is the oldest in the list ?
Who is the oldest in the list ? what is the rank of Captain Gilbert Pears ?
Who is the oldest in the list ? what is the rank of Captain Gilbert Pears ? What 's about Captain Sir Henry Langford ?
Who is the oldest in the list ? what is the rank of Captain Gilbert Pears ? What 's about Captain Sir Henry Langford ? What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class?
How many students are voting in the spring election cycle ?
How many students are voting in the spring election cycle ? How many are females that are voting in the election cycle ? | Did you want the number of females that are voting in the spring election cycle ? | Yes
How many students are voting in the spring election cycle ? How many are females that are voting in the election cycle ? | Did you want the number of females that are voting in the spring election cycle ? | Yes What are the ages of everyone voting in the Spring election cycle ?
How many students are voting in the spring election cycle ? How many are females that are voting in the election cycle ? | Did you want the number of females that are voting in the spring election cycle ? | Yes What are the ages of everyone voting in the Spring election cycle ? Find the average age of female (sex is F) students who have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
Can you show me the first names of customers who have a rental date on or before 2005-08-23 ?
Can you show me the first names of customers who have a rental date on or before 2005-08-23 ? Hmm , I want to know the customer ids who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' please .
Can you show me the first names of customers who have a rental date on or before 2005-08-23 ? Hmm , I want to know the customer ids who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' please . Can you just show me the first names of those customers ?
Can you show me the first names of customers who have a rental date on or before 2005-08-23 ? Hmm , I want to know the customer ids who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01 ' please . Can you just show me the first names of those customers ? What are the first names of customers who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01'?
How many courses are there ?
How many courses are there ? How many courses are in Mech . eng ?
How many courses are there ? How many courses are in Mech . eng ? Out of those 12 how many of them are more than 3 credits ?
How many courses are there ? How many courses are in Mech . eng ? Out of those 12 how many of them are more than 3 credits ? Are any of these courses offered by more than one department ? | Did you mean the same course titles ? | Yes are there any courses `` same title '' in the list that are offered by more than one department ?
How many courses are there ? How many courses are in Mech . eng ? Out of those 12 how many of them are more than 3 credits ? Are any of these courses offered by more than one department ? | Did you mean the same course titles ? | Yes are there any courses `` same title '' in the list that are offered by more than one department ? How many of those courses are there ?
How many courses are there ? How many courses are in Mech . eng ? Out of those 12 how many of them are more than 3 credits ? Are any of these courses offered by more than one department ? | Did you mean the same course titles ? | Yes are there any courses `` same title '' in the list that are offered by more than one department ? How many of those courses are there ? Find the title of the course that is offered by more than one department.
How many stores are there ?
How many stores are there ? Which store owns the fewest items ?
How many stores are there ? Which store owns the fewest items ? And which stores owns the most items ?
How many stores are there ? Which store owns the fewest items ? And which stores owns the most items ? Which store owns most items?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people ?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people ? what is the name of the person who weighs the most ?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people ? what is the name of the person who weighs the most ? what is the name of the person who weighs the least ?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people ? what is the name of the person who weighs the most ? what is the name of the person who weighs the least ? What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people?
Hi , could you find the appellations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area .
Hi , could you find the appellations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area . How many produce in the sierra foothills ? | Did you want the number of appelations that produce wine in the Sierra Foothills ? | yes
Hi , could you find the appellations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area . How many produce in the sierra foothills ? | Did you want the number of appelations that produce wine in the Sierra Foothills ? | yes How many appellations produce wine in Napa Valley ?
Hi , could you find the appellations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area . How many produce in the sierra foothills ? | Did you want the number of appelations that produce wine in the Sierra Foothills ? | yes How many appellations produce wine in Napa Valley ? How many appellations produce wine in St. Helena ?
Hi , could you find the appellations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area . How many produce in the sierra foothills ? | Did you want the number of appelations that produce wine in the Sierra Foothills ? | yes How many appellations produce wine in Napa Valley ? How many appellations produce wine in St. Helena ? Find the appelations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area.
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the train station names ?
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the train station names ? Show the names and main services for train stations that have the top three total number of passengers.
Which station has the highest average high temperature ? | Which attributes of this station do you want ? | The station name .
Which station has the highest average high temperature ? | Which attributes of this station do you want ? | The station name . What is Charleywood 's ID ?
Which station has the highest average high temperature ? | Which attributes of this station do you want ? | The station name . What is Charleywood 's ID ? What is the local authority of Chorleywood , ID 10 ?
Which station has the highest average high temperature ? | Which attributes of this station do you want ? | The station name . What is Charleywood 's ID ? What is the local authority of Chorleywood , ID 10 ? Find the id and local authority of the station with has the highest average high temperature.
Can you please list the full names of all male faculty members and the buildings they live in ?
Can you please list the full names of all male faculty members and the buildings they live in ? Could you narrow that down to just male faculty members in the NEB building ?
Can you please list the full names of all male faculty members and the buildings they live in ? Could you narrow that down to just male faculty members in the NEB building ? What rooms do they live in ? Please add it to the table .
Can you please list the full names of all male faculty members and the buildings they live in ? Could you narrow that down to just male faculty members in the NEB building ? What rooms do they live in ? Please add it to the table . Find the first names and last names of male (sex is M) faculties who live in building NEB.
How many colleges have enrollment greater than 18000 ?
How many colleges have enrollment greater than 18000 ? What are their names ?
How many colleges have enrollment greater than 18000 ? What are their names ? What is the enrollment for OU ?
How many colleges have enrollment greater than 18000 ? What are their names ? What is the enrollment for OU ? And for LSU ? | Would you like to know the enrollment for the college named LSU ? | Yes I would .
How many colleges have enrollment greater than 18000 ? What are their names ? What is the enrollment for OU ? And for LSU ? | Would you like to know the enrollment for the college named LSU ? | Yes I would . In which state is LSU located ?
How many colleges have enrollment greater than 18000 ? What are their names ? What is the enrollment for OU ? And for LSU ? | Would you like to know the enrollment for the college named LSU ? | Yes I would . In which state is LSU located ? And the state for OU ?
How many colleges have enrollment greater than 18000 ? What are their names ? What is the enrollment for OU ? And for LSU ? | Would you like to know the enrollment for the college named LSU ? | Yes I would . In which state is LSU located ? And the state for OU ? List the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater 18000 sorted by the college's name.
Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the ID , Name and the number of heads .
Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the ID , Name and the number of heads . Which Department has the most number of employee ? tell me the rank and creation year .
Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the ID , Name and the number of heads . Which Department has the most number of employee ? tell me the rank and creation year . Which Department has the least number of employee ? tell me the rank and creation year .
Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the ID , Name and the number of heads . Which Department has the most number of employee ? tell me the rank and creation year . Which Department has the least number of employee ? tell me the rank and creation year . Which Department has the highest Budget value ? tell me the rank and creation year .
Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the ID , Name and the number of heads . Which Department has the most number of employee ? tell me the rank and creation year . Which Department has the least number of employee ? tell me the rank and creation year . Which Department has the highest Budget value ? tell me the rank and creation year . Which department has more than 1 head at a time? List the id, name and the number of heads.
Can you list the IDs and middle names of all students who have no more than 2 enrollments ?
Can you list the IDs and middle names of all students who have no more than 2 enrollments ? What are the dates of enrollment and completion for each of those students ? Please list it in the table .
Can you list the IDs and middle names of all students who have no more than 2 enrollments ? What are the dates of enrollment and completion for each of those students ? Please list it in the table . What is the full name of the student with the latest date of completion ?
Can you list the IDs and middle names of all students who have no more than 2 enrollments ? What are the dates of enrollment and completion for each of those students ? Please list it in the table . What is the full name of the student with the latest date of completion ? Find the student ID and middle name for all the students with at most two enrollments.
What are the names of all the products supplied by supplier id 3 , please ?
What are the names of all the products supplied by supplier id 3 , please ? What are the product types of those ?
What are the names of all the products supplied by supplier id 3 , please ? What are the product types of those ? What are the prices of those ?
What are the names of all the products supplied by supplier id 3 , please ? What are the product types of those ? What are the prices of those ? What are the prices of those ?
What are the names of all the products supplied by supplier id 3 , please ? What are the product types of those ? What are the prices of those ? What are the prices of those ? What supplier id carries the product name red jeans ?
What are the names of all the products supplied by supplier id 3 , please ? What are the product types of those ? What are the prices of those ? What are the prices of those ? What supplier id carries the product name red jeans ? What is the total amount purchased of those ?
What are the names of all the products supplied by supplier id 3 , please ? What are the product types of those ? What are the prices of those ? What are the prices of those ? What supplier id carries the product name red jeans ? What is the total amount purchased of those ? Give me the product type, name and price for all the products supplied by supplier id 3.
Hi can you tell me the name of the regions not affected by storms ?
Hi can you tell me the name of the regions not affected by storms ? Can you tell me the names of the cities affected by storm ?
Hi can you tell me the name of the regions not affected by storms ? Can you tell me the names of the cities affected by storm ? Show the name for regions not affected.
How many apartments in this table ?
How many apartments in this table ? How many flats in this table ? | Do you mean the number of apartments whose type code is Flat ? | Yes .
How many apartments in this table ? How many flats in this table ? | Do you mean the number of apartments whose type code is Flat ? | Yes . What is the number of apartments whose type code is studio ?
How many apartments in this table ? How many flats in this table ? | Do you mean the number of apartments whose type code is Flat ? | Yes . What is the number of apartments whose type code is studio ? Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
How many customers are there ?
How many customers are there ? How many complaints did each customer file ? | Did you want the customer ids and number of complaints fold for each customer ? | Yes , please .
How many customers are there ? How many complaints did each customer file ? | Did you want the customer ids and number of complaints fold for each customer ? | Yes , please . Can you tell me the id of the product with most complaints ?
How many customers are there ? How many complaints did each customer file ? | Did you want the customer ids and number of complaints fold for each customer ? | Yes , please . Can you tell me the id of the product with most complaints ? What are the emails of the customers who filed a complaint of this product ?
How many customers are there ? How many complaints did each customer file ? | Did you want the customer ids and number of complaints fold for each customer ? | Yes , please . Can you tell me the id of the product with most complaints ? What are the emails of the customers who filed a complaint of this product ? Find the emails of customers who has filed a complaints of the product with the most complaints.
how many females have president votes ?
how many females have president votes ? what are there first and last names ?
how many females have president votes ? what are there first and last names ? how many votes did she get ? | Do you mean the total votes in four election or list them separately ? | the total votes
how many females have president votes ? what are there first and last names ? how many votes did she get ? | Do you mean the total votes in four election or list them separately ? | the total votes how many of those votes were from the secretary ?
how many females have president votes ? what are there first and last names ? how many votes did she get ? | Do you mean the total votes in four election or list them separately ? | the total votes how many of those votes were from the secretary ? how many were from the vice president ?
how many females have president votes ? what are there first and last names ? how many votes did she get ? | Do you mean the total votes in four election or list them separately ? | the total votes how many of those votes were from the secretary ? how many were from the vice president ? Find the first and last names of all the female (sex is F) students who have president votes.
In which year were most departments established ?
In which year were most departments established ? How many different departments were created in 1789 ?
In which year were most departments established ? How many different departments were created in 1789 ? What are the names of those two departments ?
In which year were most departments established ? How many different departments were created in 1789 ? What are the names of those two departments ? How many employees does the Treasury Department have ?
In which year were most departments established ? How many different departments were created in 1789 ? What are the names of those two departments ? How many employees does the Treasury Department have ? What is the budget in billions of the Treasury Department ?
In which year were most departments established ? How many different departments were created in 1789 ? What are the names of those two departments ? How many employees does the Treasury Department have ? What is the budget in billions of the Treasury Department ? In which year were most departments established?
Show me the project id | Do you mean you wan na see the whole project id of the table `` Projects '' ? | Yes
Show me the project id | Do you mean you wan na see the whole project id of the table `` Projects '' ? | Yes Show me the details for the whole project id of the table `` projects ''
Show me the project id | Do you mean you wan na see the whole project id of the table `` Projects '' ? | Yes Show me the details for the whole project id of the table `` projects '' Show me the project id and details for the project with at least two documents
Show me the project id | Do you mean you wan na see the whole project id of the table `` Projects '' ? | Yes Show me the details for the whole project id of the table `` projects '' Show me the project id and details for the project with at least two documents What is the project id and detail for the project with at least two documents?
Show me all the types of competitions ?
Show me all the types of competitions ? show me the types of competition that have atleast five competition of that type
Show me all the types of competitions ? show me the types of competition that have atleast five competition of that type show me the types of competition that has at most competitions of that type
Show me all the types of competitions ? show me the types of competition that have atleast five competition of that type show me the types of competition that has at most competitions of that type List the types of competition that have at most five competitions of that type.
List the order cancelled customer id from the table ?
List the order cancelled customer id from the table ? Which order id has the least quantity on the list ?
List the order cancelled customer id from the table ? Which order id has the least quantity on the list ? How many customer ids has the `` delivered '' status on the list ?
List the order cancelled customer id from the table ? Which order id has the least quantity on the list ? How many customer ids has the `` delivered '' status on the list ? What is the total number of products that are in orders with status "Cancelled"?
What are the visit date of the visitor whose detail is `` Vincent '' ?
What are the visit date of the visitor whose detail is `` Vincent '' ? What is his tourist ID ?
What are the visit date of the visitor whose detail is `` Vincent '' ? What is his tourist ID ? What is his visit details ?
What are the visit date of the visitor whose detail is `` Vincent '' ? What is his tourist ID ? What is his visit details ? What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent'?
What product id was ordered most often ?
What product id was ordered most often ? and the product ID that was ordered least often ?
What product id was ordered most often ? and the product ID that was ordered least often ? How many times was product id 2 ordered ?
What product id was ordered most often ? and the product ID that was ordered least often ? How many times was product id 2 ordered ? How many times was product id 13 ordered ?
What product id was ordered most often ? and the product ID that was ordered least often ? How many times was product id 2 ordered ? How many times was product id 13 ordered ? What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often?
Hello There ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer names ?
Hello There ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer names ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter that list to show only the customers living in Colorado ?
Hello There ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer names ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter that list to show only the customers living in Colorado ? Great ! Can you update this list to show their address content , city , and zip code ?
Hello There ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer names ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter that list to show only the customers living in Colorado ? Great ! Can you update this list to show their address content , city , and zip code ? Find the name of customers who are living in Colorado?
Can you please show the names of all pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flown in ascending order of the rank of the pilot ?
Can you please show the names of all pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flown in ascending order of the rank of the pilot ? What are each of those pilots ' nationalities ? | Do you want to konw Pilot name and related pilots ' nationalities ? | Yes , please .
Can you please show the names of all pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flown in ascending order of the rank of the pilot ? What are each of those pilots ' nationalities ? | Do you want to konw Pilot name and related pilots ' nationalities ? | Yes , please . What kind of fuel propulsion do these pilots ' aircrafts use ?
Can you please show the names of all pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flown in ascending order of the rank of the pilot ? What are each of those pilots ' nationalities ? | Do you want to konw Pilot name and related pilots ' nationalities ? | Yes , please . What kind of fuel propulsion do these pilots ' aircrafts use ? Show the names of pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flied with in ascending order of the rank of the pilot.
What are the total number of domestic passengers of airports that contain the word `` London '' ?
What are the total number of domestic passengers of airports that contain the word `` London '' ? What about with a name like 'Heathrow ' ?
What are the total number of domestic passengers of airports that contain the word `` London '' ? What about with a name like 'Heathrow ' ? what about international passengers ?
What are the total number of domestic passengers of airports that contain the word `` London '' ? What about with a name like 'Heathrow ' ? what about international passengers ? What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
Can you please list the names of the journalists in a table with the number of events they each reported ?
Can you please list the names of the journalists in a table with the number of events they each reported ? Can you add their ages and nationalities to the table please ?
Can you please list the names of the journalists in a table with the number of events they each reported ? Can you add their ages and nationalities to the table please ? What is the name of the event that the oldest journalist reported on ?
Can you please list the names of the journalists in a table with the number of events they each reported ? Can you add their ages and nationalities to the table please ? What is the name of the event that the oldest journalist reported on ? Show the names of journalists and the number of events they reported.
Hi , how many people have friends with ages above 40 ?
Hi , how many people have friends with ages above 40 ? Great . What is that person 's name ?
Hi , how many people have friends with ages above 40 ? Great . What is that person 's name ? Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 but not under age 30?
How many artists have recorded at least one song in English ?
How many artists have recorded at least one song in English ? What are the names of the artists ?
How many artists have recorded at least one song in English ? What are the names of the artists ? How many songs has Enrique recorded ?
How many artists have recorded at least one song in English ? What are the names of the artists ? How many songs has Enrique recorded ? What about the other artist ?
How many artists have recorded at least one song in English ? What are the names of the artists ? How many songs has Enrique recorded ? What about the other artist ? Find the names and number of works of all artists who have at least one English songs.
Which classroom has the most students ?
Which classroom has the most students ? what grade is that classroom ?
Which classroom has the most students ? what grade is that classroom ? What is the teacher 's last name ?
Which classroom has the most students ? what grade is that classroom ? What is the teacher 's last name ? Which classroom has the most students?
Who placed order after having order cancelled ?
Who placed order after having order cancelled ? What is the order status for order 3
Who placed order after having order cancelled ? What is the order status for order 3 Find the ids of all distinct customers who made order after some orders that were Cancelled.
Can you rank the faculty for me by ID | what ID did you want to order by ? | How many students were advised by professors ?
Can you rank the faculty for me by ID | what ID did you want to order by ? | How many students were advised by professors ? How many students were advised by instructors ?
Can you rank the faculty for me by ID | what ID did you want to order by ? | How many students were advised by professors ? How many students were advised by instructors ? Show all the faculty ranks and the number of students advised by each rank.
What was the name of the storm that affected Afghanistan and Albania between May 19 and May 25 ?
What was the name of the storm that affected Afghanistan and Albania between May 19 and May 25 ? What storm affected city 10.0 and 15.0 ? | do you mean the name of storm that affected city 10 and 15 ? | Yes
What was the name of the storm that affected Afghanistan and Albania between May 19 and May 25 ? What storm affected city 10.0 and 15.0 ? | do you mean the name of storm that affected city 10 and 15 ? | Yes Find the name of the storm that affected both Afghanistan and Albania regions.
What is the most expensive procedure ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure with the highest cost ? | Yes .
What is the most expensive procedure ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure with the highest cost ? | Yes . How many physicians are trained in Complete Walletectomy ?
What is the most expensive procedure ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure with the highest cost ? | Yes . How many physicians are trained in Complete Walletectomy ? What is that physician 's name ?
What is the most expensive procedure ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure with the highest cost ? | Yes . How many physicians are trained in Complete Walletectomy ? What is that physician 's name ? When were they trained in that procedure ? | Do you mean the certification date and the expired date of the procedure named Complete Walletectomy ? | The certification date .
What is the most expensive procedure ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure with the highest cost ? | Yes . How many physicians are trained in Complete Walletectomy ? What is that physician 's name ? When were they trained in that procedure ? | Do you mean the certification date and the expired date of the procedure named Complete Walletectomy ? | The certification date . Find the physician who was trained in the most expensive procedure?
Which states have two or more representatives ?
Which states have two or more representatives ? What are the names of the representatives from those states ?
Which states have two or more representatives ? What are the names of the representatives from those states ? What parties do they belong to ?
Which states have two or more representatives ? What are the names of the representatives from those states ? What parties do they belong to ? What states have at least two representatives?
What are the titles of the papers ?
What are the titles of the papers ? Which titles have more than one author ?
What are the titles of the papers ? Which titles have more than one author ? Which title has the most authors ?
What are the titles of the papers ? Which titles have more than one author ? Which title has the most authors ? Retrieve the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors.
Can you please list the product which has the lowest value for product price ?
Can you please list the product which has the lowest value for product price ? Can you list only the product id and the product type please ?
Can you please list the product which has the lowest value for product price ? Can you list only the product id and the product type please ? What are the product id and product type of the cheapest product?
Please find the names of the dorms that do not have any amenities ?
Please find the names of the dorms that do not have any amenities ? Which dorm has the highest student capacity ?
Please find the names of the dorms that do not have any amenities ? Which dorm has the highest student capacity ? What about the lowest student capacity ?
Please find the names of the dorms that do not have any amenities ? Which dorm has the highest student capacity ? What about the lowest student capacity ? What is the average student capacity of all dorms ?
Please find the names of the dorms that do not have any amenities ? Which dorm has the highest student capacity ? What about the lowest student capacity ? What is the average student capacity of all dorms ? What is the dorm ID of the dorm with the lowest student capacity ?
Please find the names of the dorms that do not have any amenities ? Which dorm has the highest student capacity ? What about the lowest student capacity ? What is the average student capacity of all dorms ? What is the dorm ID of the dorm with the lowest student capacity ? Find the name of dorms that do not have any amenity
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in French ?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in French ? What is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in French ? What is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in Chinese Painting ?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in French ? What is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in Chinese Painting ? What is this student 's name ? | There no info about the name of the student . How about the id of the student ? | What is the ID of this student ?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in French ? What is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in Chinese Painting ? What is this student 's name ? | There no info about the name of the student . How about the id of the student ? | What is the ID of this student ? What other classes is this student taking ?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in French ? What is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ? How many students are enrolled in Chinese Painting ? What is this student 's name ? | There no info about the name of the student . How about the id of the student ? | What is the ID of this student ? What other classes is this student taking ? What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many left footed players there are ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many left footed players there are ? Holy smokes that 's a lot ! Okay , let 's narrow that down . How many left footed players have a height between 180cm and 190cm ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many left footed players there are ? Holy smokes that 's a lot ! Okay , let 's narrow that down . How many left footed players have a height between 180cm and 190cm ? Thank you ! Can you please list player ids for all of the left-footed players with heights between 180cm and 190cm ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many left footed players there are ? Holy smokes that 's a lot ! Okay , let 's narrow that down . How many left footed players have a height between 180cm and 190cm ? Thank you ! Can you please list player ids for all of the left-footed players with heights between 180cm and 190cm ? Great ! Can you tell me the name of the player who is the tallest left-footed player ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many left footed players there are ? Holy smokes that 's a lot ! Okay , let 's narrow that down . How many left footed players have a height between 180cm and 190cm ? Thank you ! Can you please list player ids for all of the left-footed players with heights between 180cm and 190cm ? Great ! Can you tell me the name of the player who is the tallest left-footed player ? List all of the ids for left-footed players with a height between 180cm and 190cm.
Which company have a higher sales ? | do you mean which company have a highest sales ? | yes
Which company have a higher sales ? | do you mean which company have a highest sales ? | yes What are the kinds of industries in the table ?
Which company have a higher sales ? | do you mean which company have a highest sales ? | yes What are the kinds of industries in the table ? Show the most common headquarter for companies.
Which musician has the most number of actors who have appeared in the musicals ? | Did you want the name of the musical ? | Yes
Which musician has the most number of actors who have appeared in the musicals ? | Did you want the name of the musical ? | Yes From which year is it ?
Which musician has the most number of actors who have appeared in the musicals ? | Did you want the name of the musical ? | Yes From which year is it ? What is the musical id of Lou Carpenter ?
Which musician has the most number of actors who have appeared in the musicals ? | Did you want the name of the musical ? | Yes From which year is it ? What is the musical id of Lou Carpenter ? Show names of musicals and the number of actors who have appeared in the musicals.
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers .
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers . How many police officers are in Albonito ? | Do you mean 'Aibonito ' not 'Albonito ' ? | Yes Aibonito , my mistake
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers . How many police officers are in Albonito ? | Do you mean 'Aibonito ' not 'Albonito ' ? | Yes Aibonito , my mistake What is the population of Aibonito ?
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers . How many police officers are in Albonito ? | Do you mean 'Aibonito ' not 'Albonito ' ? | Yes Aibonito , my mistake What is the population of Aibonito ? What is the crime rate in Aibonito ?
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers . How many police officers are in Albonito ? | Do you mean 'Aibonito ' not 'Albonito ' ? | Yes Aibonito , my mistake What is the population of Aibonito ? What is the crime rate in Aibonito ? How many residents per officer are there in Aibonito ?
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers . How many police officers are in Albonito ? | Do you mean 'Aibonito ' not 'Albonito ' ? | Yes Aibonito , my mistake What is the population of Aibonito ? What is the crime rate in Aibonito ? How many residents per officer are there in Aibonito ? Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers.
what is the average of high speed ? | Did you mean to ask for the average max speed of the storms ? | yes
what is the average of high speed ? | Did you mean to ask for the average max speed of the storms ? | yes what is the highest speed of the storms ?
what is the average of high speed ? | Did you mean to ask for the average max speed of the storms ? | yes what is the highest speed of the storms ? what is the total number of deaths ?
what is the average of high speed ? | Did you mean to ask for the average max speed of the storms ? | yes what is the highest speed of the storms ? what is the total number of deaths ? Show the name of storms which don't have affected region in record.
What are all the source airports ?
What are all the source airports ? What are all of the routes for each source airport ? | do you mean the number of all of the routes ? | Yes please .
What are all the source airports ? What are all of the routes for each source airport ? | do you mean the number of all of the routes ? | Yes please . What are the names of the airports associated with each number of routes ?
What are all the source airports ? What are all of the routes for each source airport ? | do you mean the number of all of the routes ? | Yes please . What are the names of the airports associated with each number of routes ? Find the number of routes for each source airport and the airport name.
can you list the products that have problems | Did you mean to ask for the product names of products that have problems ? | yes
can you list the products that have problems | Did you mean to ask for the product names of products that have problems ? | yes give me all the problem ids
can you list the products that have problems | Did you mean to ask for the product names of products that have problems ? | yes give me all the problem ids list all product details
can you list the products that have problems | Did you mean to ask for the product names of products that have problems ? | yes give me all the problem ids list all product details For each product that has problems, find the number of problems reported after 1986-11-13 and the product id?
Hmm , interesting . What is the nationality of Jackie Waring ? | Do you mean the journalist Jackie Waring ? | Yes .
Hmm , interesting . What is the nationality of Jackie Waring ? | Do you mean the journalist Jackie Waring ? | Yes . What other Journalists have England as their nationality ?
Hmm , interesting . What is the nationality of Jackie Waring ? | Do you mean the journalist Jackie Waring ? | Yes . What other Journalists have England as their nationality ? How old is Herbert Swindells ?
Hmm , interesting . What is the nationality of Jackie Waring ? | Do you mean the journalist Jackie Waring ? | Yes . What other Journalists have England as their nationality ? How old is Herbert Swindells ? Show the names of journalists and the names of the events they reported in ascending order
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the customer names and their corresponding payment methods ?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the customer names and their corresponding payment methods ? Thank you for that ! Can you tell me what the most popular payment method is ?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the customer names and their corresponding payment methods ? Thank you for that ! Can you tell me what the most popular payment method is ? What are the names of customers using the most popular payment method?
What is the name of the customer who was involved in the most policies , please ?
What is the name of the customer who was involved in the most policies , please ? What is her customer id ?
What is the name of the customer who was involved in the most policies , please ? What is her customer id ? What are her customer details , please ?
What is the name of the customer who was involved in the most policies , please ? What is her customer id ? What are her customer details , please ? What is her policy type code ?
What is the name of the customer who was involved in the most policies , please ? What is her customer id ? What are her customer details , please ? What is her policy type code ? What is her start date for each of those ?
What is the name of the customer who was involved in the most policies , please ? What is her customer id ? What are her customer details , please ? What is her policy type code ? What is her start date for each of those ? How about the end date , please ?
What is the name of the customer who was involved in the most policies , please ? What is her customer id ? What are her customer details , please ? What is her policy type code ? What is her start date for each of those ? How about the end date , please ? Find the name of the customer that has been involved in the most policies.
How many cities have a branch with 100 membership ?
How many cities have a branch with 100 membership ? show all the branches opened in 2000 ?
How many cities have a branch with 100 membership ? show all the branches opened in 2000 ? Which year was Stanley open ?
How many cities have a branch with 100 membership ? show all the branches opened in 2000 ? Which year was Stanley open ? What is the address road of Stanley ?
How many cities have a branch with 100 membership ? show all the branches opened in 2000 ? Which year was Stanley open ? What is the address road of Stanley ? Show all city with a branch opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 membership.
What date was the most recent complaint raised ?
What date was the most recent complaint raised ? Was this complaint closed ? | Do you mean whether the complaint which raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 was closed ? | Correct . Has the complaint raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 been closed ?
What date was the most recent complaint raised ? Was this complaint closed ? | Do you mean whether the complaint which raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 was closed ? | Correct . Has the complaint raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 been closed ? What is the customer id for that complaint ? | Do you mean the customer id for the complaint which raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 ? | Correct . What is the customer id for the complaint raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 ?
What date was the most recent complaint raised ? Was this complaint closed ? | Do you mean whether the complaint which raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 was closed ? | Correct . Has the complaint raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 been closed ? What is the customer id for that complaint ? | Do you mean the customer id for the complaint which raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 ? | Correct . What is the customer id for the complaint raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 ? What is the phone number for customer id 118 ?
What date was the most recent complaint raised ? Was this complaint closed ? | Do you mean whether the complaint which raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 was closed ? | Correct . Has the complaint raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 been closed ? What is the customer id for that complaint ? | Do you mean the customer id for the complaint which raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 ? | Correct . What is the customer id for the complaint raised at 2007-10-14 21:50:43 ? What is the phone number for customer id 118 ? What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint?
How many Restaurants are there ?
How many Restaurants are there ? How many of these are sandwich restaurants ?
How many Restaurants are there ? How many of these are sandwich restaurants ? What is the name of this restaurant ?
How many Restaurants are there ? How many of these are sandwich restaurants ? What is the name of this restaurant ? Where is Subway located ?
How many Restaurants are there ? How many of these are sandwich restaurants ? What is the name of this restaurant ? Where is Subway located ? What is Subway 's rating ?
How many Restaurants are there ? How many of these are sandwich restaurants ? What is the name of this restaurant ? Where is Subway located ? What is Subway 's rating ? How many restaurant is the Sandwich type restaurant?
What are the names of the courses
What are the names of the courses Yes please
What are the names of the courses Yes please What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment?
what is the last name of room id IBS ? | Do mean the last name of the reservation for the room with id IBS ? | yes
what is the last name of room id IBS ? | Do mean the last name of the reservation for the room with id IBS ? | yes what is the bed type of the column `` room in HBB ? | Do you mean the bed type for the room with id HBB ? | yes
what is the last name of room id IBS ? | Do mean the last name of the reservation for the room with id IBS ? | yes what is the bed type of the column `` room in HBB ? | Do you mean the bed type for the room with id HBB ? | yes what is the check in and check out of the room id RND ?
what is the last name of room id IBS ? | Do mean the last name of the reservation for the room with id IBS ? | yes what is the bed type of the column `` room in HBB ? | Do you mean the bed type for the room with id HBB ? | yes what is the check in and check out of the room id RND ? Find the most popular room in the hotel . The most popular room is the room that had seen the largest number of reservations .
what is the last name of room id IBS ? | Do mean the last name of the reservation for the room with id IBS ? | yes what is the bed type of the column `` room in HBB ? | Do you mean the bed type for the room with id HBB ? | yes what is the check in and check out of the room id RND ? Find the most popular room in the hotel . The most popular room is the room that had seen the largest number of reservations . Find the most popular room in the hotel. The most popular room is the room that had seen the largest number of reservations.
Show the name of the company with company_id 1.0 ?
Show the name of the company with company_id 1.0 ? Show the names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee ?
Show the name of the company with company_id 1.0 ? Show the names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee ? Show all companies with Headquarters USA ? | Did you mean to show the company IDs ? | yes
Show the name of the company with company_id 1.0 ? Show the names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee ? Show all companies with Headquarters USA ? | Did you mean to show the company IDs ? | yes Show names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee.
what is the average of rates ?
what is the average of rates ? show me a list of check outs ?
what is the average of rates ? show me a list of check outs ? show me a list of check in ?
what is the average of rates ? show me a list of check outs ? show me a list of check in ? how many adults stay in the room contad selbig checked in on oct 23 , 2010 ?
what is the average of rates ? show me a list of check outs ? show me a list of check in ? how many adults stay in the room contad selbig checked in on oct 23 , 2010 ? How many adults stay in the room CONRAD SELBIG checked in on Oct 23, 2010?
how many stadium are presented on the table
how many stadium are presented on the table list out the stadium names
how many stadium are presented on the table list out the stadium names what is the average attendance of Cowboys Stadium
how many stadium are presented on the table list out the stadium names what is the average attendance of Cowboys Stadium what is the capacity percentage of FedExField
how many stadium are presented on the table list out the stadium names what is the average attendance of Cowboys Stadium what is the capacity percentage of FedExField Which stadium name contains the substring "Bank"?
FIND THE CUSTOMER NAME AND DATE OF THE ORDERS THAT HAVE THE STATUS `` DELIVERED ''
FIND THE CUSTOMER NAME AND DATE OF THE ORDERS THAT HAVE THE STATUS `` DELIVERED '' WHAT ARE THE CUSTOMER ID FOR ALL THE CUSTOMERS WHOSE ORDERS WERE CANCELLED ?
FIND THE CUSTOMER NAME AND DATE OF THE ORDERS THAT HAVE THE STATUS `` DELIVERED '' WHAT ARE THE CUSTOMER ID FOR ALL THE CUSTOMERS WHOSE ORDERS WERE CANCELLED ? what are the names of the customers whose customer details are null ?
FIND THE CUSTOMER NAME AND DATE OF THE ORDERS THAT HAVE THE STATUS `` DELIVERED '' WHAT ARE THE CUSTOMER ID FOR ALL THE CUSTOMERS WHOSE ORDERS WERE CANCELLED ? what are the names of the customers whose customer details are null ? Find the customer name and date of the orders that have the status "Delivered".
What are medicine names and trade names ?
What are medicine names and trade names ? Show the medicine names and trade names that cannot interact with the enzyme with product 'Heme'.
how many body builder id are there
how many body builder id are there ok , list out the body builder name
how many body builder id are there ok , list out the body builder name ok , name the body builders whose total score is higher than 250
how many body builder id are there ok , list out the body builder name ok , name the body builders whose total score is higher than 250 What are the names of body builders whose total score is higher than 300?
Can you show me the first names of customers and the number of accounts they have ?
Can you show me the first names of customers and the number of accounts they have ? Which customers have at least 2 accounts ? List their first names please .
Can you show me the first names of customers and the number of accounts they have ? Which customers have at least 2 accounts ? List their first names please . Show first name and id for all customers with at least 2 accounts.
how many artist are there in total ?
how many artist are there in total ? How about the total number of songs ?
how many artist are there in total ? How about the total number of songs ? Can you list the songs ' names ?
how many artist are there in total ? How about the total number of songs ? Can you list the songs ' names ? Who was the singer for the song My love ?
how many artist are there in total ? How about the total number of songs ? Can you list the songs ' names ? Who was the singer for the song My love ? Where was the singer from ? | Do you mean Enrique ? | Yes
how many artist are there in total ? How about the total number of songs ? Can you list the songs ' names ? Who was the singer for the song My love ? Where was the singer from ? | Do you mean Enrique ? | Yes What is the name and country of origin of the artist who released a song that has "love" in its title?
Yes . Can you please provide the name in alphabetical order ?
Yes . Can you please provide the name in alphabetical order ? Thank you . Can you please provide the price of each of these items as well sorted by lowest price first ?
Yes . Can you please provide the name in alphabetical order ? Thank you . Can you please provide the price of each of these items as well sorted by lowest price first ? Can you please also provide the manufacturer on these products ?
Yes . Can you please provide the name in alphabetical order ? Thank you . Can you please provide the price of each of these items as well sorted by lowest price first ? Can you please also provide the manufacturer on these products ? Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to $180, and sort first by price (in descending order), and then by name  (in ascending order).
Hi , Can you tell me the most common builder of railways ?
Hi , Can you tell me the most common builder of railways ? Can you tell me the last railways this builder has build ?
Hi , Can you tell me the most common builder of railways ? Can you tell me the last railways this builder has build ? In what year was GWRSn build ?
Hi , Can you tell me the most common builder of railways ? Can you tell me the last railways this builder has build ? In what year was GWRSn build ? Show the most common builder of railways.
What manufacturer has the highest revenue ?
What manufacturer has the highest revenue ? Where is Iomega located ?
What manufacturer has the highest revenue ? Where is Iomega located ? What manufacturers on the list are located in Austin ?
What manufacturer has the highest revenue ? Where is Iomega located ? What manufacturers on the list are located in Austin ? What is Creative labs revenue ?
What manufacturer has the highest revenue ? Where is Iomega located ? What manufacturers on the list are located in Austin ? What is Creative labs revenue ? How many companies have a revenue greater than 100.0 ?
What manufacturer has the highest revenue ? Where is Iomega located ? What manufacturers on the list are located in Austin ? What is Creative labs revenue ? How many companies have a revenue greater than 100.0 ? What is the total revue of those 3 companies ?
What manufacturer has the highest revenue ? Where is Iomega located ? What manufacturers on the list are located in Austin ? What is Creative labs revenue ? How many companies have a revenue greater than 100.0 ? What is the total revue of those 3 companies ? Find the total revenue of companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of some companies based in Austin.
How many assets can each part be used in ? | Here is the result table of the part names and the number of assets that each of them can use . For example , the middle part can use 5 assets . | what is the part ID 's for these ?
How many assets can each part be used in ? | Here is the result table of the part names and the number of assets that each of them can use . For example , the middle part can use 5 assets . | what is the part ID 's for these ? and the chargeable amount for these ?
How many assets can each part be used in ? | Here is the result table of the part names and the number of assets that each of them can use . For example , the middle part can use 5 assets . | what is the part ID 's for these ? and the chargeable amount for these ? How many assets can each parts be used in? List the part name and the number.
hi I was wondering how many counties you have information for ?
hi I was wondering how many counties you have information for ? how many schools are in Orange county ?
hi I was wondering how many counties you have information for ? how many schools are in Orange county ? can you tell me how many degrees have been granted for each Orange county campus since the year 2000 ?
hi I was wondering how many counties you have information for ? how many schools are in Orange county ? can you tell me how many degrees have been granted for each Orange county campus since the year 2000 ? For each Orange county campus, report the number of degrees granted after 2000.
show the outcome code in the Table Name : Project Outcomes
show the outcome code in the Table Name : Project Outcomes Show the outcome description of the Table Name : Research Outcomes
show the outcome code in the Table Name : Project Outcomes Show the outcome description of the Table Name : Research Outcomes Show the project details of the Table Name : Projects
show the outcome code in the Table Name : Project Outcomes Show the outcome description of the Table Name : Research Outcomes Show the project details of the Table Name : Projects Show the outcome details of the Table Name : Project Outcomes
show the outcome code in the Table Name : Project Outcomes Show the outcome description of the Table Name : Research Outcomes Show the project details of the Table Name : Projects Show the outcome details of the Table Name : Project Outcomes List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with substring 'published ' .
show the outcome code in the Table Name : Project Outcomes Show the outcome description of the Table Name : Research Outcomes Show the project details of the Table Name : Projects Show the outcome details of the Table Name : Project Outcomes List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with substring 'published ' . List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with the substring 'Published'.
How many courses does the Computer Info . Systems department offer ?
How many courses does the Computer Info . Systems department offer ? What are the descriptions of those courses ?
How many courses does the Computer Info . Systems department offer ? What are the descriptions of those courses ? How many courses does the Biology department offer ?
How many courses does the Computer Info . Systems department offer ? What are the descriptions of those courses ? How many courses does the Biology department offer ? What about the Accounting department ?
How many courses does the Computer Info . Systems department offer ? What are the descriptions of those courses ? How many courses does the Biology department offer ? What about the Accounting department ? What are the course credits of those courses ?
How many courses does the Computer Info . Systems department offer ? What are the descriptions of those courses ? How many courses does the Biology department offer ? What about the Accounting department ? What are the course credits of those courses ? How many courses are offered by the Computer Info. Systems department?
how many names in the event table
how many names in the event table how many capacity in the stadium table
how many names in the event table how many capacity in the stadium table What is the name of the stadium which held the most events?
Can you please tell me the number of routes with the destination airport Italy ?
Can you please tell me the number of routes with the destination airport Italy ? Can you please tell me the number of routes with the destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with the name 'American Airlines ' ?
Can you please tell me the number of routes with the destination airport Italy ? Can you please tell me the number of routes with the destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with the name 'American Airlines ' ? What are the source airports of those routes ?
Can you please tell me the number of routes with the destination airport Italy ? Can you please tell me the number of routes with the destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with the name 'American Airlines ' ? What are the source airports of those routes ? Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines'.
What are the names of the patients who had more than one appointment ?
What are the names of the patients who had more than one appointment ? What are their phone numbers , please ?
What are the names of the patients who had more than one appointment ? What are their phone numbers , please ? What are the pcp 's of those patients ?
What are the names of the patients who had more than one appointment ? What are their phone numbers , please ? What are the pcp 's of those patients ? What are the names of the patients who only had one appointment ?
What are the names of the patients who had more than one appointment ? What are their phone numbers , please ? What are the pcp 's of those patients ? What are the names of the patients who only had one appointment ? When did his appointment start and end ?
What are the names of the patients who had more than one appointment ? What are their phone numbers , please ? What are the pcp 's of those patients ? What are the names of the patients who only had one appointment ? When did his appointment start and end ? what are name and phone number of patients who had more than one appointment?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the student names and their associated addresses and cities ? | Hi . The following table is a list of all the student name details and their associated addresses line 1 and cities . | Thank you ! Can you filter the list to show just the rows that correspond with the 3 most recent `` date from '' values ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the student names and their associated addresses and cities ? | Hi . The following table is a list of all the student name details and their associated addresses line 1 and cities . | Thank you ! Can you filter the list to show just the rows that correspond with the 3 most recent `` date from '' values ? Find distinct cities of address of students?
What is the id of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ?
What is the id of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ? What is the name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ?
What is the id of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ? What is the name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ? Can you show me all the id of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ?
What is the id of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ? What is the name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ? Can you show me all the id of the department store that has both marketing and managing department ? What is the id and name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department?
what is the city of the station from which the shortest trip started ? | trip can not be described by distance | what is the latitude of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ?
what is the city of the station from which the shortest trip started ? | trip can not be described by distance | what is the latitude of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ? what is the longitude of Santa Clara at Almaden ?
what is the city of the station from which the shortest trip started ? | trip can not be described by distance | what is the latitude of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ? what is the longitude of Santa Clara at Almaden ? what is the latitude of San Jose Civic Center ?
what is the city of the station from which the shortest trip started ? | trip can not be described by distance | what is the latitude of San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station ? what is the longitude of Santa Clara at Almaden ? what is the latitude of San Jose Civic Center ? What is the latitude, longitude, city of the station from which the shortest trip started?
How many reviewers are there ?
How many reviewers are there ? What are their id numbers ?
How many reviewers are there ? What are their id numbers ? What is the average rating of the reviewers ?
How many reviewers are there ? What are their id numbers ? What is the average rating of the reviewers ? How many raters gave reviews less than 4 stars ?
How many reviewers are there ? What are their id numbers ? What is the average rating of the reviewers ? How many raters gave reviews less than 4 stars ? What are their ids ?
How many reviewers are there ? What are their id numbers ? What is the average rating of the reviewers ? How many raters gave reviews less than 4 stars ? What are their ids ? find the ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star.
what is the name of the most expensive hardware product ?
what is the name of the most expensive hardware product ? what is the product price ?
what is the name of the most expensive hardware product ? what is the product price ? what is the product id for red jeans ?
what is the name of the most expensive hardware product ? what is the product price ? what is the product id for red jeans ? what is the product type code for red jeans
what is the name of the most expensive hardware product ? what is the product price ? what is the product id for red jeans ? what is the product type code for red jeans Find the name of the most expensive hardware product.
what is the minimum vote percent of elections ?
what is the minimum vote percent of elections ? what is the maximum vote percent of elections ?
what is the minimum vote percent of elections ? what is the maximum vote percent of elections ? Which election had the most votes ?
what is the minimum vote percent of elections ? what is the maximum vote percent of elections ? Which election had the most votes ? Which election had the least votes ?
what is the minimum vote percent of elections ? what is the maximum vote percent of elections ? Which election had the most votes ? Which election had the least votes ? What are the minimum and maximum vote percents of elections?
how many people are there
how many people are there how many are under age 21
how many people are there how many are under age 21 how many are from same hometown | Santo Domingo is the only hometown where more than 1 person is from . There are 5 people from the hometown San Domingo . | what is the name of people ID 2
how many people are there how many are under age 21 how many are from same hometown | Santo Domingo is the only hometown where more than 1 person is from . There are 5 people from the hometown San Domingo . | what is the name of people ID 2 What is the age of the tallest person?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the first and last name of the customer who has account name 900 ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the first and last name of the customer who has account name 900 ? Great ! Could you update this list to show me Meaghan 's email address and phone number as well ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the first and last name of the customer who has account name 900 ? Great ! Could you update this list to show me Meaghan 's email address and phone number as well ? Great ! Finally , can you show me all other customers names ( first and last ) who have the same `` other account details '' details as Meaghan ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the first and last name of the customer who has account name 900 ? Great ! Could you update this list to show me Meaghan 's email address and phone number as well ? Great ! Finally , can you show me all other customers names ( first and last ) who have the same `` other account details '' details as Meaghan ? Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900.
Hello , I was wondering how many accounts are listed under the first name of John ?
Hello , I was wondering how many accounts are listed under the first name of John ? How about Meaghan or Jessica ?
Hello , I was wondering how many accounts are listed under the first name of John ? How about Meaghan or Jessica ? Okay , could you just give me the account names listed under Meaghan first ?
Hello , I was wondering how many accounts are listed under the first name of John ? How about Meaghan or Jessica ? Okay , could you just give me the account names listed under Meaghan first ? And what are the id 's for those accounts ?
Hello , I was wondering how many accounts are listed under the first name of John ? How about Meaghan or Jessica ? Okay , could you just give me the account names listed under Meaghan first ? And what are the id 's for those accounts ? Thank you so much , now back to the accounts listed for Jessica . What are the account names of those ?
Hello , I was wondering how many accounts are listed under the first name of John ? How about Meaghan or Jessica ? Okay , could you just give me the account names listed under Meaghan first ? And what are the id 's for those accounts ? Thank you so much , now back to the accounts listed for Jessica . What are the account names of those ? Show the id, the account name, and other account details for all accounts by the customer with first name 'Meaghan'.
Show me the prices of the products named `` Dining ''
Show me the prices of the products named `` Dining '' Show me the prices of the products named Trading Policy
Show me the prices of the products named `` Dining '' Show me the prices of the products named Trading Policy Show me the product type code of products named `` Dining ''
Show me the prices of the products named `` Dining '' Show me the prices of the products named Trading Policy Show me the product type code of products named `` Dining '' Show the prices of the products named "Dining" or "Trading Policy".
What are the names of some public parks in the United States ?
What are the names of some public parks in the United States ? Thank you . Which states have at least two parks in them ?
What are the names of some public parks in the United States ? Thank you . Which states have at least two parks in them ? List the names of states that have more than 2 parks.
How old is the student ? | Which student are you referring to ? | A better question is , how many students are there ?
How old is the student ? | Which student are you referring to ? | A better question is , how many students are there ? What about the number of people with occupations ? | By occupations , do you mean people who are not students ? | Yes
How old is the student ? | Which student are you referring to ? | A better question is , how many students are there ? What about the number of people with occupations ? | By occupations , do you mean people who are not students ? | Yes What are their names ?
How old is the student ? | Which student are you referring to ? | A better question is , how many students are there ? What about the number of people with occupations ? | By occupations , do you mean people who are not students ? | Yes What are their names ? And the names of the people who are not students ?
How old is the student ? | Which student are you referring to ? | A better question is , how many students are there ? What about the number of people with occupations ? | By occupations , do you mean people who are not students ? | Yes What are their names ? And the names of the people who are not students ? I need to know how many people there are whose age is greater than 30 and job is an engineer .
How old is the student ? | Which student are you referring to ? | A better question is , how many students are there ? What about the number of people with occupations ? | By occupations , do you mean people who are not students ? | Yes What are their names ? And the names of the people who are not students ? I need to know how many people there are whose age is greater than 30 and job is an engineer . How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer?
How many bathroom count those building 809 has ? | The total number of bathrooms building 809 has is NULL . | How about building 808 ?
How many bathroom count those building 809 has ? | The total number of bathrooms building 809 has is NULL . | How about building 808 ? How about the total number of rooms it has ?
How many bathroom count those building 809 has ? | The total number of bathrooms building 809 has is NULL . | How about building 808 ? How about the total number of rooms it has ? Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
Hello ! How are you ! Can you tell me how many missions there are in total ?
Hello ! How are you ! Can you tell me how many missions there are in total ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show only the mission that involved ships from the United States ?
Hello ! How are you ! Can you tell me how many missions there are in total ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show only the mission that involved ships from the United States ? Great ! Could you update this list to show all of the mission IDs ?
Hello ! How are you ! Can you tell me how many missions there are in total ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show only the mission that involved ships from the United States ? Great ! Could you update this list to show all of the mission IDs ? Show the distinct fate of missions that involve ships with nationality "United States"
how many hours does each player get to be active for ?
how many hours does each player get to be active for ? what position requires the least playing time ?
how many hours does each player get to be active for ? what position requires the least playing time ? what is the the playing time of the mid player ?
how many hours does each player get to be active for ? what position requires the least playing time ? what is the the playing time of the mid player ? What is minimum hours of the students playing in different position?
show the institute type with lowest number of institutions
show the institute type with lowest number of institutions show the institute type with highest number of institutions
show the institute type with lowest number of institutions show the institute type with highest number of institutions which university is founded first
show the institute type with lowest number of institutions show the institute type with highest number of institutions which university is founded first Show the institution type with the largest number of institutions.
How many drivers are there , total ?
How many drivers are there , total ? of these total drivers , how many countries are represented ?
How many drivers are there , total ? of these total drivers , how many countries are represented ? and of those 41 countries , which one has the most drivers ?
How many drivers are there , total ? of these total drivers , how many countries are represented ? and of those 41 countries , which one has the most drivers ? please give me the name of the driver
How many drivers are there , total ? of these total drivers , how many countries are represented ? and of those 41 countries , which one has the most drivers ? please give me the name of the driver Find the id and surname of the driver who participated the most number of races?
Which Airport has the largest number of international passengers ?
Which Airport has the largest number of international passengers ? How many international passengers in that airport ?
Which Airport has the largest number of international passengers ? How many international passengers in that airport ? Show all information on that airport
Which Airport has the largest number of international passengers ? How many international passengers in that airport ? Show all information on that airport Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
Show the name of the company with company id 1 ?
Show the name of the company with company id 1 ? Show all company name and main industry with gas station ?
Show the name of the company with company id 1 ? Show all company name and main industry with gas station ? Show all company name and main industry without a gas station ?
Show the name of the company with company id 1 ? Show all company name and main industry with gas station ? Show all company name and main industry without a gas station ? Show company name and main industry without a gas station.
What companies are in the banking or retailing industry ? | Do you want their company id or name ? | What are the names of the companies in the banking or retail industries ?
What companies are in the banking or retailing industry ? | Do you want their company id or name ? | What are the names of the companies in the banking or retail industries ? What are the total sales in billions of all of these companies combined ?
What companies are in the banking or retailing industry ? | Do you want their company id or name ? | What are the names of the companies in the banking or retail industries ? What are the total sales in billions of all of these companies combined ? and what is their total market value in billions ?
What companies are in the banking or retailing industry ? | Do you want their company id or name ? | What are the names of the companies in the banking or retail industries ? What are the total sales in billions of all of these companies combined ? and what is their total market value in billions ? Show the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry?
How many players are there ?
How many players are there ? What is the max of those players ? | what did you mean the max ? | Sorry , the max training hours of those players .
How many players are there ? What is the max of those players ? | what did you mean the max ? | Sorry , the max training hours of those players . And the min training hours of those players ?
How many players are there ? What is the max of those players ? | what did you mean the max ? | Sorry , the max training hours of those players . And the min training hours of those players ? How about the average ?
How many players are there ? What is the max of those players ? | what did you mean the max ? | Sorry , the max training hours of those players . And the min training hours of those players ? How about the average ? Find the max, average and min training hours of all players.
show the number of all customers without an account
show the number of all customers without an account can you show their name ? | Do you want their first and last names ? | first name
show the number of all customers without an account can you show their name ? | Do you want their first and last names ? | first name what is Armani 's customer address ? | Do you mean the address of the customer with a first name Armani ? | yes
show the number of all customers without an account can you show their name ? | Do you want their first and last names ? | first name what is Armani 's customer address ? | Do you mean the address of the customer with a first name Armani ? | yes Show the number of all customers without an account.
What building has a gym ? | Do you mean the building ids of buildings with apartments that have gyms ? | Yes please .
What building has a gym ? | Do you mean the building ids of buildings with apartments that have gyms ? | Yes please . How many bathrooms are there in those buildings ?
What building has a gym ? | Do you mean the building ids of buildings with apartments that have gyms ? | Yes please . How many bathrooms are there in those buildings ? How many bedrooms are there in those buildings ?
What building has a gym ? | Do you mean the building ids of buildings with apartments that have gyms ? | Yes please . How many bathrooms are there in those buildings ? How many bedrooms are there in those buildings ? What is the total number of rooms in those buildings ?
What building has a gym ? | Do you mean the building ids of buildings with apartments that have gyms ? | Yes please . How many bathrooms are there in those buildings ? How many bedrooms are there in those buildings ? What is the total number of rooms in those buildings ? Show the total number of rooms of all apartments with facility code "Gym".
Which are the male artists ?
Which are the male artists ? And which of them are from the UK ?
Which are the male artists ? And which of them are from the UK ? Okay , and what genre does Michel prefer ?
Which are the male artists ? And which of them are from the UK ? Okay , and what genre does Michel prefer ? Alright , and how many male artists who prefer pop are there in the entire world , according to the table ?
Which are the male artists ? And which of them are from the UK ? Okay , and what genre does Michel prefer ? Alright , and how many male artists who prefer pop are there in the entire world , according to the table ? How many female artists prefer pop ?
Which are the male artists ? And which of them are from the UK ? Okay , and what genre does Michel prefer ? Alright , and how many male artists who prefer pop are there in the entire world , according to the table ? How many female artists prefer pop ? Finally , what is the most preferred genre in the entire world ?
Which are the male artists ? And which of them are from the UK ? Okay , and what genre does Michel prefer ? Alright , and how many male artists who prefer pop are there in the entire world , according to the table ? How many female artists prefer pop ? Finally , what is the most preferred genre in the entire world ? What are the names of artists who are Male and are from UK?
can you give me the last names of the authors ?
can you give me the last names of the authors ? who authored the paper Binders Unbound ? | What information do you want about the author of the paper Binders Unbound ? | i want their names
can you give me the last names of the authors ? who authored the paper Binders Unbound ? | What information do you want about the author of the paper Binders Unbound ? | i want their names can you just show me their last names ?
can you give me the last names of the authors ? who authored the paper Binders Unbound ? | What information do you want about the author of the paper Binders Unbound ? | i want their names can you just show me their last names ? What are the last names of the author of the paper titled "Binders Unbound"?
what is the transaction type code for the investor with id 18
what is the transaction type code for the investor with id 18 How much is the amount of transaction for transaction with id 3
what is the transaction type code for the investor with id 18 How much is the amount of transaction for transaction with id 3 Show the number of transactions with transaction type code "SALE" for different investors if it is larger than 0.
Who is the youngest male ?
Who is the youngest male ? What is his age ?
Who is the youngest male ? What is his age ? What is his job ?
Who is the youngest male ? What is his age ? What is his job ? Who is the youngest male?
what is the Number_of_Platforms does Main_Services South Western Main Line West of England Main Line have ?
what is the Number_of_Platforms does Main_Services South Western Main Line West of England Main Line have ? how many passengers are in the London Waterloo ?
what is the Number_of_Platforms does Main_Services South Western Main Line West of England Main Line have ? how many passengers are in the London Waterloo ? can you help me with the Annual interchanges for London Bridge
what is the Number_of_Platforms does Main_Services South Western Main Line West of England Main Line have ? how many passengers are in the London Waterloo ? can you help me with the Annual interchanges for London Bridge Show all locations and the total number of platforms and passengers for all train stations in each location.
What about the names of scientists that worked on the project named 'A Puzzling Parallax ' ?
What about the names of scientists that worked on the project named 'A Puzzling Parallax ' ? Could you give the list of all projects along with the names of scientists that worked on them ? | Do you mean a list of the names of all the projects and the names of scientists that worked on them ? | Yes Please !
What about the names of scientists that worked on the project named 'A Puzzling Parallax ' ? Could you give the list of all projects along with the names of scientists that worked on them ? | Do you mean a list of the names of all the projects and the names of scientists that worked on them ? | Yes Please ! Find the name of the scientist who worked on both a project named 'Matter of Time' and a project named 'A Puzzling Parallax'.
hi ! how many employees are there that get a commission percentage ?
hi ! how many employees are there that get a commission percentage ? How many departments have more than ten employees who got a commission ?
hi ! how many employees are there that get a commission percentage ? How many departments have more than ten employees who got a commission ? display those departments where more than ten employees work who got a commission percentage.
What is item number 4 ?
What is item number 4 ? What is the avocado 's rating ?
What is item number 4 ? What is the avocado 's rating ? And what about the avocado 's rank ?
What is item number 4 ? What is the avocado 's rating ? And what about the avocado 's rank ? Find the names of the items that did not receive any review.
Which places did Alison visit
Which places did Alison visit And which of those did Rosalind not visit
Which places did Alison visit And which of those did Rosalind not visit What are the names of tourist attraction that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit?
Hi , how many years has the Monaco Grand Prix been held ? | Would you like the number of distinct years found for races ? | yes please !
Hi , how many years has the Monaco Grand Prix been held ? | Would you like the number of distinct years found for races ? | yes please ! okay great - can you tell me the maximum fastest lap speed during this race ?
Hi , how many years has the Monaco Grand Prix been held ? | Would you like the number of distinct years found for races ? | yes please ! okay great - can you tell me the maximum fastest lap speed during this race ? What is the maximum fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
How many student in total participate in the tryout ?
How many student in total participate in the tryout ? For which colleges ?
How many student in total participate in the tryout ? For which colleges ? Can I see that list in a descending order based on student count ?
How many student in total participate in the tryout ? For which colleges ? Can I see that list in a descending order based on student count ? Find the number of students who participate in the tryout for each college ordered by descending count.
How many performances are listed ? | Did you mean the count of Performance ID in the member attendance table ？ | Yes
How many performances are listed ? | Did you mean the count of Performance ID in the member attendance table ？ | Yes What are the roles for each performance ?
How many performances are listed ? | Did you mean the count of Performance ID in the member attendance table ？ | Yes What are the roles for each performance ? What country is each member from ? | Did you mean show the name of member and the related Nationality ? | yes
How many performances are listed ? | Did you mean the count of Performance ID in the member attendance table ？ | Yes What are the roles for each performance ? What country is each member from ? | Did you mean show the name of member and the related Nationality ? | yes List the names of members who did not attend any performance.
find the name of the Track 2 ?
find the name of the Track 2 ? what is the unit price of the Fast as a shark ?
find the name of the Track 2 ? what is the unit price of the Fast as a shark ? Find the milliseconds of Track id 1 ?
find the name of the Track 2 ? what is the unit price of the Fast as a shark ? Find the milliseconds of Track id 1 ? how many genre in the list ?
find the name of the Track 2 ? what is the unit price of the Fast as a shark ? Find the milliseconds of Track id 1 ? how many genre in the list ? What is the name of the most common genre in all tracks?
For the documents with the description `` Regular '' , what are all of their response received dates ?
For the documents with the description `` Regular '' , what are all of their response received dates ? What are the grant amounts for those ?
For the documents with the description `` Regular '' , what are all of their response received dates ? What are the grant amounts for those ? Can you find the response received dates for all grants that were over 100 ?
For the documents with the description `` Regular '' , what are all of their response received dates ? What are the grant amounts for those ? Can you find the response received dates for all grants that were over 100 ? What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular' or granted with more than 100?
Can you tell me the id of the students who registered for course 301 ?
Can you tell me the id of the students who registered for course 301 ? Which one of them registered the earliest ?
Can you tell me the id of the students who registered for course 301 ? Which one of them registered the earliest ? Which one registered most recently for that course ?
Can you tell me the id of the students who registered for course 301 ? Which one of them registered the earliest ? Which one registered most recently for that course ? What is the id of the student who most recently registered course 301?
yes | Please clarify which one do you need | I need the Checking balance
yes | Please clarify which one do you need | I need the Checking balance what is the name of the custid 2 in Table name : ACCOUNTS
yes | Please clarify which one do you need | I need the Checking balance what is the name of the custid 2 in Table name : ACCOUNTS what is the saving Balance Amount of the custid 2
yes | Please clarify which one do you need | I need the Checking balance what is the name of the custid 2 in Table name : ACCOUNTS what is the saving Balance Amount of the custid 2 Finding the checking balance and saving balance in the Brown 's account
yes | Please clarify which one do you need | I need the Checking balance what is the name of the custid 2 in Table name : ACCOUNTS what is the saving Balance Amount of the custid 2 Finding the checking balance and saving balance in the Brown 's account Find the checking balance and saving balance in the Brown’s account.
Could you tell me how many employees have the job title PU_MAN ?
Could you tell me how many employees have the job title PU_MAN ? What is the salary of that employee ?
Could you tell me how many employees have the job title PU_MAN ? What is the salary of that employee ? How many employees have a higher salary than that ?
Could you tell me how many employees have the job title PU_MAN ? What is the salary of that employee ? How many employees have a higher salary than that ? Tell me their employee numbers , first and last names , and job titles , please .
Could you tell me how many employees have the job title PU_MAN ? What is the salary of that employee ? How many employees have a higher salary than that ? Tell me their employee numbers , first and last names , and job titles , please . display the employee number, name( first name and last name ) and job title for all employees whose salary is more than any salary of those employees whose job title is PU_MAN.
How many employees are there ?
How many employees are there ? How many employees are in the circulation history with the document id 1 ?
How many employees are there ? How many employees are in the circulation history with the document id 1 ? Can you tell me the name of the employee that is in the circulation history with document id 1 ?
How many employees are there ? How many employees are in the circulation history with the document id 1 ? Can you tell me the name of the employee that is in the circulation history with document id 1 ? List all employees in the circulation history of the document with id 1. List the employee's name.
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ?
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ? Which journalist has worked the 2nd most amount of years ?
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ? Which journalist has worked the 2nd most amount of years ? Thank you , for the journalist with the ID of 4 , what is his name ?
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ? Which journalist has worked the 2nd most amount of years ? Thank you , for the journalist with the ID of 4 , what is his name ? Wonderful ! What is her nationality ?
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ? Which journalist has worked the 2nd most amount of years ? Thank you , for the journalist with the ID of 4 , what is his name ? Wonderful ! What is her nationality ? Thank you ! That 's all I needed , but I 'm also curious , how many journalists are from England ?
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ? Which journalist has worked the 2nd most amount of years ? Thank you , for the journalist with the ID of 4 , what is his name ? Wonderful ! What is her nationality ? Thank you ! That 's all I needed , but I 'm also curious , how many journalists are from England ? Which one has the least amount of years worked ?
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ? Which journalist has worked the 2nd most amount of years ? Thank you , for the journalist with the ID of 4 , what is his name ? Wonderful ! What is her nationality ? Thank you ! That 's all I needed , but I 'm also curious , how many journalists are from England ? Which one has the least amount of years worked ? Awesome , Im almost done , but can you tell me overall who worked the least amount of years as well ?
Hi , what journalist had worked the most amount of years ? Which journalist has worked the 2nd most amount of years ? Thank you , for the journalist with the ID of 4 , what is his name ? Wonderful ! What is her nationality ? Thank you ! That 's all I needed , but I 'm also curious , how many journalists are from England ? Which one has the least amount of years worked ? Awesome , Im almost done , but can you tell me overall who worked the least amount of years as well ? What is the nationality of the journalist with the largest number of years working?
Which employees do n't have certificates ?
Which employees do n't have certificates ? What are their names ?
Which employees do n't have certificates ? What are their names ? How many employees do n't have certificates ?
Which employees do n't have certificates ? What are their names ? How many employees do n't have certificates ? Show ids for all employees who don't have a certificate.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of Instructor IDs for those who did not teach any courses ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of Instructor IDs for those who did not teach any courses ? Thank you ! Can you update that list with the professors ' names ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of Instructor IDs for those who did not teach any courses ? Thank you ! Can you update that list with the professors ' names ? Thank you ! Can you update that list to include the instructor names and which departments they are in ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of Instructor IDs for those who did not teach any courses ? Thank you ! Can you update that list with the professors ' names ? Thank you ! Can you update that list to include the instructor names and which departments they are in ? Find the name of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
which team performed in Ave Maria university ?
which team performed in Ave Maria university ? How many number of floors are in Tampa City Hall ?
which team performed in Ave Maria university ? How many number of floors are in Tampa City Hall ? How can i reach at Tampa city Hall can you send me the address ?
which team performed in Ave Maria university ? How many number of floors are in Tampa City Hall ? How can i reach at Tampa city Hall can you send me the address ? which type of university is Ave Maria University ?
which team performed in Ave Maria university ? How many number of floors are in Tampa City Hall ? How can i reach at Tampa city Hall can you send me the address ? which type of university is Ave Maria University ? where is Dakota State University situated ? | Did you mean the location or the street address of its building ? | yes , location of Dakota state University ?
which team performed in Ave Maria university ? How many number of floors are in Tampa City Hall ? How can i reach at Tampa city Hall can you send me the address ? which type of university is Ave Maria University ? where is Dakota State University situated ? | Did you mean the location or the street address of its building ? | yes , location of Dakota state University ? Show the names of buildings except for those having an institution founded in 2003.
in what department is Rumat ? | Do you want the name of the department ? | Yes !
in what department is Rumat ? | Do you want the name of the department ? | Yes ! Find the name and salary of the instructors who are advisors of any student from History department?
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4 .
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4 . What are the cities in Colorado that have post codes starting with 4 .
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4 . What are the cities in Colorado that have post codes starting with 4 . How about cities in Texas that have post codes starting with 4 ?
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4 . What are the cities in Colorado that have post codes starting with 4 . How about cities in Texas that have post codes starting with 4 ? How many cities in total with post code starting with 4 ?
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4 . What are the cities in Colorado that have post codes starting with 4 . How about cities in Texas that have post codes starting with 4 ? How many cities in total with post code starting with 4 ? Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4.
Which company has the largest sales ? | Did you mean the name of the company with the largest sales ? | Yes thr name of the company that has the largest sales
Which company has the largest sales ? | Did you mean the name of the company with the largest sales ? | Yes thr name of the company that has the largest sales Where is the headquarters of royal dutch shell ?
Which company has the largest sales ? | Did you mean the name of the company with the largest sales ? | Yes thr name of the company that has the largest sales Where is the headquarters of royal dutch shell ? What kind of industry does royal dutch shell belongs to ?
Which company has the largest sales ? | Did you mean the name of the company with the largest sales ? | Yes thr name of the company that has the largest sales Where is the headquarters of royal dutch shell ? What kind of industry does royal dutch shell belongs to ? What is the headquarter of the company with the largest sales?
How about for all employees with the role name `` Human Resource '' ?
How about for all employees with the role name `` Human Resource '' ? What is that employee 's name ?
How about for all employees with the role name `` Human Resource '' ? What is that employee 's name ? What is the name of the employee whose role name is Manager ?
How about for all employees with the role name `` Human Resource '' ? What is that employee 's name ? What is the name of the employee whose role name is Manager ? What is the name of the employee whose role name is Human Resources ?
How about for all employees with the role name `` Human Resource '' ? What is that employee 's name ? What is the name of the employee whose role name is Manager ? What is the name of the employee whose role name is Human Resources ? Show the employee ids for all employees with role name "Human Resource" or "Manager".
Hi - Can you tell me which department has the most students ?
Hi - Can you tell me which department has the most students ? How many students are in the Accounting department ?
Hi - Can you tell me which department has the most students ? How many students are in the Accounting department ? Please tell me the address of the Accounting department .
Hi - Can you tell me which department has the most students ? How many students are in the Accounting department ? Please tell me the address of the Accounting department . Great - can you tell me the names of students in the Accounting department with a GPA above 3.0 ?
Hi - Can you tell me which department has the most students ? How many students are in the Accounting department ? Please tell me the address of the Accounting department . Great - can you tell me the names of students in the Accounting department with a GPA above 3.0 ? What is the total number of transfer students in all departments ?
Hi - Can you tell me which department has the most students ? How many students are in the Accounting department ? Please tell me the address of the Accounting department . Great - can you tell me the names of students in the Accounting department with a GPA above 3.0 ? What is the total number of transfer students in all departments ? Find the name and address of the department that has the highest number of students.
What is the market share of Internet explorer
What is the market share of Internet explorer What about Firefox 's Market share
What is the market share of Internet explorer What about Firefox 's Market share * I have left the chat *
What is the market share of Internet explorer What about Firefox 's Market share * I have left the chat * What is the maximum, minimum and average market share of the listed browsers?
What is the nationality of Zaha Hadid ?
What is the nationality of Zaha Hadid ? What is the gender of Frank Gehry ?
What is the nationality of Zaha Hadid ? What is the gender of Frank Gehry ? What is the built year of architect id 2 ?
What is the nationality of Zaha Hadid ? What is the gender of Frank Gehry ? What is the built year of architect id 2 ? What is the location of id 3 ?
What is the nationality of Zaha Hadid ? What is the gender of Frank Gehry ? What is the built year of architect id 2 ? What is the location of id 3 ? How many architects haven't built a mill before year 1850?
Give me the details of the organizations described as `` Sponsor '' in alphabetical order
Give me the details of the organizations described as `` Sponsor '' in alphabetical order What about their IDs ?
Give me the details of the organizations described as `` Sponsor '' in alphabetical order What about their IDs ? How many are there ?
Give me the details of the organizations described as `` Sponsor '' in alphabetical order What about their IDs ? How many are there ? What are all the details of the organisations described as 'Sponsor'? Sort the result in an ascending order.
What is the highest number of enrollments ? | do you mean the highest number of course enrollments of student ? | yes
What is the highest number of enrollments ? | do you mean the highest number of course enrollments of student ? | yes What is the student ID with the most course enrollments
What is the highest number of enrollments ? | do you mean the highest number of course enrollments of student ? | yes What is the student ID with the most course enrollments what is the login name of the student with the most course enrollments ?
What is the highest number of enrollments ? | do you mean the highest number of course enrollments of student ? | yes What is the student ID with the most course enrollments what is the login name of the student with the most course enrollments ? Find the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments
Show me the location details
Show me the location details Show me the details of the schools
Show me the location details Show me the details of the schools Show me how many school locations have the word 'NY '
Show me the location details Show me the details of the schools Show me how many school locations have the word 'NY ' Find how many school locations have the word 'NY'.
what product Id has the highest price ? | Do you mean the id of the product which has the highest price ? | yes
what product Id has the highest price ? | Do you mean the id of the product which has the highest price ? | yes what is the product name ? | Do you mean the product name of the product which has the highest price ? | yes
what product Id has the highest price ? | Do you mean the id of the product which has the highest price ? | yes what is the product name ? | Do you mean the product name of the product which has the highest price ? | yes what is the name of the product with the lowest price ?
what product Id has the highest price ? | Do you mean the id of the product which has the highest price ? | yes what is the product name ? | Do you mean the product name of the product which has the highest price ? | yes what is the name of the product with the lowest price ? What are the highest and lowest prices of products, grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type?
What are first and last names of all customers ?
What are first and last names of all customers ? What are their ids ?
What are first and last names of all customers ? What are their ids ? And what are their number of accounts ?
What are first and last names of all customers ? What are their ids ? And what are their number of accounts ? Yes , what type of accounts are there ?
What are first and last names of all customers ? What are their ids ? And what are their number of accounts ? Yes , what type of accounts are there ? Show id, first name and last name for all customers and the number of accounts.
CAN YOU GIVE ME THE LIST OF architect NAME
CAN YOU GIVE ME THE LIST OF architect NAME GREAT , CAN YOU GIVE ME THE DETAILS OF AMERICAN ARCHITECT NAMES
CAN YOU GIVE ME THE LIST OF architect NAME GREAT , CAN YOU GIVE ME THE DETAILS OF AMERICAN ARCHITECT NAMES What is the id, name and nationality of the architect who built most mills?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ? How many times does Alice show up in the friend column ?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ? How many times does Alice show up in the friend column ? How many times does Bob show up in the friend column ?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ? How many times does Alice show up in the friend column ? How many times does Bob show up in the friend column ? who is Bob 's friend ?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ? How many times does Alice show up in the friend column ? How many times does Bob show up in the friend column ? who is Bob 's friend ? who is Zach 's friend ?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ? How many times does Alice show up in the friend column ? How many times does Bob show up in the friend column ? who is Bob 's friend ? who is Zach 's friend ? How many names are in the name column ?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ? How many times does Alice show up in the friend column ? How many times does Bob show up in the friend column ? who is Bob 's friend ? who is Zach 's friend ? How many names are in the name column ? how many names are in the friends column ?
What is the name that only has one friend pairing ? How many times does Alice show up in the friend column ? How many times does Bob show up in the friend column ? who is Bob 's friend ? who is Zach 's friend ? How many names are in the name column ? how many names are in the friends column ? Find the person who has exactly one friend.
How many department stores does the store chain South have ?
How many department stores does the store chain South have ? How many department stores does the store chain West have ?
How many department stores does the store chain South have ? How many department stores does the store chain West have ? What is the store address of the store chain East ?
How many department stores does the store chain South have ? How many department stores does the store chain West have ? What is the store address of the store chain East ? What is the store phone of the store chain West ?
How many department stores does the store chain South have ? How many department stores does the store chain West have ? What is the store address of the store chain East ? What is the store phone of the store chain West ? What is the store email of the store chain South ?
How many department stores does the store chain South have ? How many department stores does the store chain West have ? What is the store address of the store chain East ? What is the store phone of the store chain West ? What is the store email of the store chain South ? How many department stores does the store chain South have?
What is the name of the country that participated in the greatest number of tournaments ?
What is the name of the country that participated in the greatest number of tournaments ? What about the name of the country that participated in the least number of tournaments ?
What is the name of the country that participated in the greatest number of tournaments ? What about the name of the country that participated in the least number of tournaments ? What were the competition types of all the competitions Russia participated in ?
What is the name of the country that participated in the greatest number of tournaments ? What about the name of the country that participated in the least number of tournaments ? What were the competition types of all the competitions Russia participated in ? which country did participated in the most number of Tournament competitions?
Please show me all the information about each apartment
Please show me all the information about each apartment Now just the info for Suite 634
Please show me all the information about each apartment Now just the info for Suite 634 and now just show the booking status code for that suite
Please show me all the information about each apartment Now just the info for Suite 634 and now just show the booking status code for that suite What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
can you now just show the director and movie title for the highest grossing movie for the year 2000 or earlier . One result please
can you now just show the director and movie title for the highest grossing movie for the year 2000 or earlier . One result please What is the title and director for the movie with highest worldwide gross in the year 2000 or before?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` rem '' ?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` rem '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` aut '' ?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` rem '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` aut '' ? What is the name of the staff member who reported problem id 1 ?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` rem '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` aut '' ? What is the name of the staff member who reported problem id 1 ? What is the staff id of that person ?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product `` rem '' but not `` aut '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` rem '' ? What about staff members who reported problems for the product `` aut '' ? What is the name of the staff member who reported problem id 1 ? What is the staff id of that person ? Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product "rem" but not "aut"?
What location of school name Bremen ?
What location of school name Bremen ? How many enrollment of school id 2 ?
What location of school name Bremen ? How many enrollment of school id 2 ? How many invested in the school with mascot Falcons ?
What location of school name Bremen ? How many enrollment of school id 2 ? How many invested in the school with mascot Falcons ? List the name , IHSAA Football Class , and Mascot of the schools that have more than 6000 of budgeted amount or were founded before 2003 , in the order of percent of total invested budget and total budgeted budget .
What location of school name Bremen ? How many enrollment of school id 2 ? How many invested in the school with mascot Falcons ? List the name , IHSAA Football Class , and Mascot of the schools that have more than 6000 of budgeted amount or were founded before 2003 , in the order of percent of total invested budget and total budgeted budget . List the name, IHSAA Football Class, and Mascot of the schools that have more than 6000 of budgeted amount or were founded before 2003, in the order of percent of total invested budget and total budgeted budget.
find the average age
find the average age how many are female
find the average age how many are female find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers
find the average age how many are female find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers Find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers.
How many airlines are there ?
How many airlines are there ? * I have left the chat *
How many airlines are there ? * I have left the chat * Find the country of the airlines whose name starts with 'Orbit'.
who are Dan 's friends ?
who are Dan 's friends ? what is Dan 's friend 's name and age ?
who are Dan 's friends ? what is Dan 's friend 's name and age ? Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of Dan or Alice.
How many assets have fault logs ?
How many assets have fault logs ? How many of those 9 assets have 2 parts ?
How many assets have fault logs ? How many of those 9 assets have 2 parts ? Out of those 2 which has less than 2 fault logs ?
How many assets have fault logs ? How many of those 9 assets have 2 parts ? Out of those 2 which has less than 2 fault logs ? Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs? List the asset id and detail.
how many journalist there
how many journalist there what is the name of journalist ID 2
how many journalist there what is the name of journalist ID 2 what is the nationality of journalist ID 1
how many journalist there what is the name of journalist ID 2 what is the nationality of journalist ID 1 Show the names of journalists from "England" or "Wales".
What source system code includes the sub string 'en ' ?
What source system code includes the sub string 'en ' ? What are the other sub strings , that do not contain 'en ' ?
What source system code includes the sub string 'en ' ? What are the other sub strings , that do not contain 'en ' ? what is the ID for electoral code ? | which columns return ? | What is the master id please .
What source system code includes the sub string 'en ' ? What are the other sub strings , that do not contain 'en ' ? what is the ID for electoral code ? | which columns return ? | What is the master id please . Which distinct source system code includes the substring 'en'?
List name of ships ?
List name of ships ? Show flags of ships ?
List name of ships ? Show flags of ships ? Name of ships not steered by by any captain with Midshipman rank ?
List name of ships ? Show flags of ships ? Name of ships not steered by by any captain with Midshipman rank ? Flags of ships not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank ?
List name of ships ? Show flags of ships ? Name of ships not steered by by any captain with Midshipman rank ? Flags of ships not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank ? Okay . Name and flags of ships not steered by any captain of Midshipman rank ?
List name of ships ? Show flags of ships ? Name of ships not steered by by any captain with Midshipman rank ? Flags of ships not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank ? Okay . Name and flags of ships not steered by any captain of Midshipman rank ? Find the name and flag of ships that are not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank.
How many ships does United Kingdom have ?
How many ships does United Kingdom have ? Which other country has more than 2 ships ?
How many ships does United Kingdom have ? Which other country has more than 2 ships ? What type of ships does United States have ?
How many ships does United Kingdom have ? Which other country has more than 2 ships ? What type of ships does United States have ? What about United Kingdom 's type of ships ?
How many ships does United Kingdom have ? Which other country has more than 2 ships ? What type of ships does United States have ? What about United Kingdom 's type of ships ? List the nations that have more than two ships.
Show the average salary of all departments . | Would you like to the know the average salary grouped over each department name ? | Yes show average salary grouped over each department name .
Show the average salary of all departments . | Would you like to the know the average salary grouped over each department name ? | Yes show average salary grouped over each department name . Show the department with the lowest average salary .
Show the average salary of all departments . | Would you like to the know the average salary grouped over each department name ? | Yes show average salary grouped over each department name . Show the department with the lowest average salary . Find the minimum salary for the departments whose average salary is above the average payment of all instructors.
What is the average price of all wine products ?
What is the average price of all wine products ? Which wine product has the highest price ?
What is the average price of all wine products ? Which wine product has the highest price ? Which wine products have the highest average price ? | Do you mean which grape whose wine products has the highest average price ? | Yes , Which grapes are in the wine products that have the highest average price ?
What is the average price of all wine products ? Which wine product has the highest price ? Which wine products have the highest average price ? | Do you mean which grape whose wine products has the highest average price ? | Yes , Which grapes are in the wine products that have the highest average price ? What is the average price of the products that Roussanne is in ?
What is the average price of all wine products ? Which wine product has the highest price ? Which wine products have the highest average price ? | Do you mean which grape whose wine products has the highest average price ? | Yes , Which grapes are in the wine products that have the highest average price ? What is the average price of the products that Roussanne is in ? What color of grape is Roussanne ?
What is the average price of all wine products ? Which wine product has the highest price ? Which wine products have the highest average price ? | Do you mean which grape whose wine products has the highest average price ? | Yes , Which grapes are in the wine products that have the highest average price ? What is the average price of the products that Roussanne is in ? What color of grape is Roussanne ? What is the color of the grape whose wine products has the highest average price?
What is employee named Nancy Andrews phone number ?
What is employee named Nancy Andrews phone number ? OK. What is it for Nancy Edwards ?
What is employee named Nancy Andrews phone number ? OK. What is it for Nancy Edwards ? Great ! And her fax number ?
What is employee named Nancy Andrews phone number ? OK. What is it for Nancy Edwards ? Great ! And her fax number ? Okay . What is her job title ?
What is employee named Nancy Andrews phone number ? OK. What is it for Nancy Edwards ? Great ! And her fax number ? Okay . What is her job title ? How many employees have that job title ?
What is employee named Nancy Andrews phone number ? OK. What is it for Nancy Edwards ? Great ! And her fax number ? Okay . What is her job title ? How many employees have that job title ? What is employee Nancy Edwards's phone number?
Can you tell me which statement has the most number of accounts ? | Do you want to know its statement id ? | Yes , what is its statement id ?
Can you tell me which statement has the most number of accounts ? | Do you want to know its statement id ? | Yes , what is its statement id ? Thank you . Can you also show me the statement detail for the statement with the most number of accounts ?
Can you tell me which statement has the most number of accounts ? | Do you want to know its statement id ? | Yes , what is its statement id ? Thank you . Can you also show me the statement detail for the statement with the most number of accounts ? Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the names and ids for all tourist attractions ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the names and ids for all tourist attractions ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show only the names and ids for tourist attractions that were visited 2 or more times ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the names and ids for all tourist attractions ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show only the names and ids for tourist attractions that were visited 2 or more times ? Great ! Can you update this list to show how many times each tourist attraction was visited ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all the names and ids for all tourist attractions ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show only the names and ids for tourist attractions that were visited 2 or more times ? Great ! Can you update this list to show how many times each tourist attraction was visited ? Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at least two times.
Return the name and ID of the furniture with the highest market rate
Return the name and ID of the furniture with the highest market rate rank the furniture according to the number of pieces available | Do you want a list of furniture name sorted by its corresponding number of component ? | Yes , Name and corresponding number of components .
Return the name and ID of the furniture with the highest market rate rank the furniture according to the number of pieces available | Do you want a list of furniture name sorted by its corresponding number of component ? | Yes , Name and corresponding number of components . Return the name and id of the furniture with the highest market rate.
FIND THE all CHECKING BALANCE OF ALL ACCOUNTS
FIND THE all CHECKING BALANCE OF ALL ACCOUNTS FIND THE SAVING BALANCE OF ALL ACCOUNTS
FIND THE all CHECKING BALANCE OF ALL ACCOUNTS FIND THE SAVING BALANCE OF ALL ACCOUNTS SORT ALL THE TOTAL BALANCE OF CHECKING AND SAVING ACCOUNT IN ASCENDING ORDER
FIND THE all CHECKING BALANCE OF ALL ACCOUNTS FIND THE SAVING BALANCE OF ALL ACCOUNTS SORT ALL THE TOTAL BALANCE OF CHECKING AND SAVING ACCOUNT IN ASCENDING ORDER Find the total checking and saving balance of all accounts sorted by the total balance in ascending order.
What are the number of rooms for block code 1 ?
What are the number of rooms for block code 1 ? What are the room numbers for Block Code 1 ?
What are the number of rooms for block code 1 ? What are the room numbers for Block Code 1 ? What is the block code for room 201 ?
What are the number of rooms for block code 1 ? What are the room numbers for Block Code 1 ? What is the block code for room 201 ? What is the room type for room 101 ?
What are the number of rooms for block code 1 ? What are the room numbers for Block Code 1 ? What is the block code for room 201 ? What is the room type for room 101 ? Find the number of rooms for different block code?
What name is popular for actors ? | did you mean the most popular ? | yes
What name is popular for actors ? | did you mean the most popular ? | yes What is the most popular full name of the actors?
Can you tell me which customers do not have a first notification of loss record ? | What attributes of the customers that do not have a first notification of loss record would you like to know ? | Can you tell me their names ?
Can you tell me which customers do not have a first notification of loss record ? | What attributes of the customers that do not have a first notification of loss record would you like to know ? | Can you tell me their names ? Can you tell me America Jaskolski 's policy id ?
Can you tell me which customers do not have a first notification of loss record ? | What attributes of the customers that do not have a first notification of loss record would you like to know ? | Can you tell me their names ? Can you tell me America Jaskolski 's policy id ? Find the names of users who do not have a first notification of loss record.
Show the names of schools
Show the names of schools Show the names of schools with a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10
Show the names of schools Show the names of schools with a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10 Show the names of schools with a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10.
How many organizations are there ?
How many organizations are there ? How many of those organizations are parent organizations ?
How many organizations are there ? How many of those organizations are parent organizations ? Could you tell me how many organizations are not parent organizations of others ?
How many organizations are there ? How many of those organizations are parent organizations ? Could you tell me how many organizations are not parent organizations of others ? What is the full name of that organization ?
How many organizations are there ? How many of those organizations are parent organizations ? Could you tell me how many organizations are not parent organizations of others ? What is the full name of that organization ? What about its organization ID ?
How many organizations are there ? How many of those organizations are parent organizations ? Could you tell me how many organizations are not parent organizations of others ? What is the full name of that organization ? What about its organization ID ? Which organizations are not a parent organization of others? List the organization id.
What is the location code that has the largest number of documents ?
What is the location code that has the largest number of documents ? What about the least number of documents ?
What is the location code that has the largest number of documents ? What about the least number of documents ? How about date in location from , then ?
What is the location code that has the largest number of documents ? What about the least number of documents ? How about date in location from , then ? What is the location code with the most documents?
hello , what are the maximum price and score of wines in each year ?
hello , what are the maximum price and score of wines in each year ? yes | Did you mean the No in the wine table which is best liked ? | yes that is what i meant
hello , what are the maximum price and score of wines in each year ? yes | Did you mean the No in the wine table which is best liked ? | yes that is what i meant What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year?
Which cities have more than one airport ?
Which cities have more than one airport ? Now show the number of airports in each of those cities
Which cities have more than one airport ? Now show the number of airports in each of those cities Which cities have three airports
Which cities have more than one airport ? Now show the number of airports in each of those cities Which cities have three airports Which cities have 4 or more airports
Which cities have more than one airport ? Now show the number of airports in each of those cities Which cities have three airports Which cities have 4 or more airports Show the number of airports in those cities
Which cities have more than one airport ? Now show the number of airports in each of those cities Which cities have three airports Which cities have 4 or more airports Show the number of airports in those cities List the cities which have more than one airport and number of airports.
what is the name id of the person with the longest laptime ? | Do you mean driver id ? | yes
what is the name id of the person with the longest laptime ? | Do you mean driver id ? | yes what is the date of birth ?
what is the name id of the person with the longest laptime ? | Do you mean driver id ? | yes what is the date of birth ? What is the id and family name of the driver who has the longest laptime?
List major and number of students for majors with 2 to 30 number of students
List major and number of students for majors with 2 to 30 number of students Which majors have between 2 and 20 students ? Show me major and number of students
List major and number of students for majors with 2 to 30 number of students Which majors have between 2 and 20 students ? Show me major and number of students Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students? List major and the number of students.
What is the customer name with the highest bank balance ? | Do you mean his savings balance ? | yes savings balance ?
What is the customer name with the highest bank balance ? | Do you mean his savings balance ? | yes savings balance ? What is his customer id ?
What is the customer name with the highest bank balance ? | Do you mean his savings balance ? | yes savings balance ? What is his customer id ? What is the customer ID with lowest saving balance ?
What is the customer name with the highest bank balance ? | Do you mean his savings balance ? | yes savings balance ? What is his customer id ? What is the customer ID with lowest saving balance ? How many customers have a minimum balance of atleast 30 , 000 ? | Do you mean the saving balance or the checking balance or the sum of the two ? | I want saving balance .
What is the customer name with the highest bank balance ? | Do you mean his savings balance ? | yes savings balance ? What is his customer id ? What is the customer ID with lowest saving balance ? How many customers have a minimum balance of atleast 30 , 000 ? | Do you mean the saving balance or the checking balance or the sum of the two ? | I want saving balance . Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest savings balance.
how many staffs are on the table
how many staffs are on the table how many members are on the table ? | do you mean the customers ? | how many customers are on the table ?
how many staffs are on the table how many members are on the table ? | do you mean the customers ? | how many customers are on the table ? Find the names for all the customers and staff members
how many staffs are on the table how many members are on the table ? | do you mean the customers ? | how many customers are on the table ? Find the names for all the customers and staff members Find the names of all the customers and staff members.
WHICH COUNTRIES HAS THE ORIGINS OF THE LEAST PLAYERS
WHICH COUNTRIES HAS THE ORIGINS OF THE LEAST PLAYERS LIST ALL THE COUNTRIES WITH ORIGINS OF LEAST PLAYERS | Is n't it the same question as the last one ? | NO , LIST THREE COUNTRIES WHICH ARE THE ORIGINS OF THE LEAST PLAYERS
WHICH COUNTRIES HAS THE ORIGINS OF THE LEAST PLAYERS LIST ALL THE COUNTRIES WITH ORIGINS OF LEAST PLAYERS | Is n't it the same question as the last one ? | NO , LIST THREE COUNTRIES WHICH ARE THE ORIGINS OF THE LEAST PLAYERS List three countries which are the origins of the least players.
What is the name of uid 1 ?
What is the name of uid 1 ? How many followers does Mary have ?
What is the name of uid 1 ? How many followers does Mary have ? Find the name and partition id for users who tweeted less than twice ?
What is the name of uid 1 ? How many followers does Mary have ? Find the name and partition id for users who tweeted less than twice ? Find the name and partition id for users who tweeted less than twice.
how many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room
how many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room ok , show the count of all room
how many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room ok , show the count of all room show the count of all adults and kids
how many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room ok , show the count of all room show the count of all adults and kids find the check in and out for the code 10105
how many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room ok , show the count of all room show the count of all adults and kids find the check in and out for the code 10105 How many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room.
How many routes have a destination airport in Canada , please ?
How many routes have a destination airport in Canada , please ? How many routes have a destination airport in the United States , please ?
How many routes have a destination airport in Canada , please ? How many routes have a destination airport in the United States , please ? How many routes have a source airport in Canada and a destination airport in the United States , please ?
How many routes have a destination airport in Canada , please ? How many routes have a destination airport in the United States , please ? How many routes have a source airport in Canada and a destination airport in the United States , please ? What are the names of those source airports that begin with the letter A ?
How many routes have a destination airport in Canada , please ? How many routes have a destination airport in the United States , please ? How many routes have a source airport in Canada and a destination airport in the United States , please ? What are the names of those source airports that begin with the letter A ? What are the ones that are in Canada only ?
How many routes have a destination airport in Canada , please ? How many routes have a destination airport in the United States , please ? How many routes have a source airport in Canada and a destination airport in the United States , please ? What are the names of those source airports that begin with the letter A ? What are the ones that are in Canada only ? Find the number of routes whose destination airports are in Canada.
How many campuses opened between 1935 and 1939 ?
How many campuses opened between 1935 and 1939 ? Which county is the campus in ?
How many campuses opened between 1935 and 1939 ? Which county is the campus in ? What is the full name of that campus ?
How many campuses opened between 1935 and 1939 ? Which county is the campus in ? What is the full name of that campus ? Which campus was opened between 1935 and 1939?
Show the station name with the greatest number of trains , please .
Show the station name with the greatest number of trains , please . What is the location of that station ?
Show the station name with the greatest number of trains , please . What is the location of that station ? What are the main services of that station ?
Show the station name with the greatest number of trains , please . What is the location of that station ? What are the main services of that station ? What is the station id of that station ?
Show the station name with the greatest number of trains , please . What is the location of that station ? What are the main services of that station ? What is the station id of that station ? How many annual interchanges are at that station ?
Show the station name with the greatest number of trains , please . What is the location of that station ? What are the main services of that station ? What is the station id of that station ? How many annual interchanges are at that station ? What is the name of the station with station id 3 ?
Show the station name with the greatest number of trains , please . What is the location of that station ? What are the main services of that station ? What is the station id of that station ? How many annual interchanges are at that station ? What is the name of the station with station id 3 ? Show the station name with greatest number of trains.
Show the names of all technicians .
Show the names of all technicians . Show the names of all technicians and the machines they are assigned to .
Show the names of all technicians . Show the names of all technicians and the machines they are assigned to . Show the names of all technicians assigned to the machine with ID 2 .
Show the names of all technicians . Show the names of all technicians and the machines they are assigned to . Show the names of all technicians assigned to the machine with ID 2 . Show the names of all technicians in ascending order of quality rank assigned to the machine with ID 2 .
Show the names of all technicians . Show the names of all technicians and the machines they are assigned to . Show the names of all technicians assigned to the machine with ID 2 . Show the names of all technicians in ascending order of quality rank assigned to the machine with ID 2 . Show the names of all technicians in ascending order of quality rank assigned to the machine with ID 1 .
Show the names of all technicians . Show the names of all technicians and the machines they are assigned to . Show the names of all technicians assigned to the machine with ID 2 . Show the names of all technicians in ascending order of quality rank assigned to the machine with ID 2 . Show the names of all technicians in ascending order of quality rank assigned to the machine with ID 1 . Show the names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned .
Show the names of all technicians . Show the names of all technicians and the machines they are assigned to . Show the names of all technicians assigned to the machine with ID 2 . Show the names of all technicians in ascending order of quality rank assigned to the machine with ID 2 . Show the names of all technicians in ascending order of quality rank assigned to the machine with ID 1 . Show the names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned . Show names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned.
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average .
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average . List all player names who have an overall rating lower than the average .
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average . List all player names who have an overall rating lower than the average . How many players have an overall rating lower than the average ?
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average . List all player names who have an overall rating lower than the average . How many players have an overall rating lower than the average ? What is the average height of players that have an overall rating lower than the average ?
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average . List all player names who have an overall rating lower than the average . How many players have an overall rating lower than the average ? What is the average height of players that have an overall rating lower than the average ? What is the average height of players that have an overall rating higher than the average ?
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average . List all player names who have an overall rating lower than the average . How many players have an overall rating lower than the average ? What is the average height of players that have an overall rating lower than the average ? What is the average height of players that have an overall rating higher than the average ? List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average.
Show the names of employees with role name Editor .
Show the names of employees with role name Editor . Show the names of roles with role code..
Show the names of employees with role name Editor . Show the names of roles with role code.. Show the id of employees with role Role_Code
Show the names of employees with role name Editor . Show the names of roles with role code.. Show the id of employees with role Role_Code Show the Role_Code of roles with Role_Description .
Show the names of employees with role name Editor . Show the names of roles with role code.. Show the id of employees with role Role_Code Show the Role_Code of roles with Role_Description . Show the names of employees with role name Editor.
Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Caonoeing and Kayaking .
Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Caonoeing and Kayaking . What about faculty members who participate in Mountain Climbing ?
Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Caonoeing and Kayaking . What about faculty members who participate in Mountain Climbing ? What about Mountain Climbing and Kayaking ?
Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Caonoeing and Kayaking . What about faculty members who participate in Mountain Climbing ? What about Mountain Climbing and Kayaking ? Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking.
Can you list the names of the festivals that had two or more nominations for artwork ?
Can you list the names of the festivals that had two or more nominations for artwork ? Can you list their IDs in the table too ?
Can you list the names of the festivals that had two or more nominations for artwork ? Can you list their IDs in the table too ? What are the names of all the artworks that won ?
Can you list the names of the festivals that had two or more nominations for artwork ? Can you list their IDs in the table too ? What are the names of all the artworks that won ? Show the ids and names of festivals that have at least two nominations for artworks.
How many females are there ?
How many females are there ? How about males ?
How many females are there ? How about males ? What is the lowest oppose rate that male candidates have ?
How many females are there ? How about males ? What is the lowest oppose rate that male candidates have ? What 's the name of the male candidate that has an oppose rate of 0.32 ?
How many females are there ? How about males ? What is the lowest oppose rate that male candidates have ? What 's the name of the male candidate that has an oppose rate of 0.32 ? Can you also show me the lowest oppose rate that female candidates have ?
How many females are there ? How about males ? What is the lowest oppose rate that male candidates have ? What 's the name of the male candidate that has an oppose rate of 0.32 ? Can you also show me the lowest oppose rate that female candidates have ? Can you show me the name of that female candidate ?
How many females are there ? How about males ? What is the lowest oppose rate that male candidates have ? What 's the name of the male candidate that has an oppose rate of 0.32 ? Can you also show me the lowest oppose rate that female candidates have ? Can you show me the name of that female candidate ? Find the name of the candidates whose oppose percentage is the lowest for each sex.
I want to know what product has been ordered the greatest number of times .
I want to know what product has been ordered the greatest number of times . What products have less orders than dvds ? | Did you want to return all info of the products or just their names ? | What is the total cost of the dvd orders ?
I want to know what product has been ordered the greatest number of times . What products have less orders than dvds ? | Did you want to return all info of the products or just their names ? | What is the total cost of the dvd orders ? And what about electronics ?
I want to know what product has been ordered the greatest number of times . What products have less orders than dvds ? | Did you want to return all info of the products or just their names ? | What is the total cost of the dvd orders ? And what about electronics ? Find the name and price of the product that has been ordered the greatest number of times.
what is the name of customer id 1 ?
what is the name of customer id 1 ? what type of card is used by customer id 6 ?
what is the name of customer id 1 ? what type of card is used by customer id 6 ? what is the address of customer id 2 ?
what is the name of customer id 1 ? what type of card is used by customer id 6 ? what is the address of customer id 2 ? Show id , first and last names for all customers with at least two cards ?
what is the name of customer id 1 ? what type of card is used by customer id 6 ? what is the address of customer id 2 ? Show id , first and last names for all customers with at least two cards ? Show id, first and last names for all customers with at least two cards.
What are the names of people with overall rating between 85 and 90 ? | by people did you mean players ? | yes
What are the names of people with overall rating between 85 and 90 ? | by people did you mean players ? | yes Of them which are left footed ?
What are the names of people with overall rating between 85 and 90 ? | by people did you mean players ? | yes Of them which are left footed ? What about the names of right-footed players ?
What are the names of people with overall rating between 85 and 90 ? | by people did you mean players ? | yes Of them which are left footed ? What about the names of right-footed players ? List the names of all left-footed players who have overall rating between 85 and 90.
How many employees serve at least 10 customers ?
How many employees serve at least 10 customers ? What are the first names of employees that serve at least 10 customers ?
How many employees serve at least 10 customers ? What are the first names of employees that serve at least 10 customers ? What is diego work title ? | is Diego the employee first name ? | Yes
How many employees serve at least 10 customers ? What are the first names of employees that serve at least 10 customers ? What is diego work title ? | is Diego the employee first name ? | Yes Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers.
Hello , which films where made in 1995 ?
Hello , which films where made in 1995 ? Who was the distinct director of ET the Extra-Terrestrial ?
Hello , which films where made in 1995 ? Who was the distinct director of ET the Extra-Terrestrial ? Can you show me Market estimation for the year 1995 ?
Hello , which films where made in 1995 ? Who was the distinct director of ET the Extra-Terrestrial ? Can you show me Market estimation for the year 1995 ? Show the distinct director of films with market estimation in the year of 1995.
how many orders did the person with the most orders have ?
how many orders did the person with the most orders have ? who was that person ? Give me the id .
how many orders did the person with the most orders have ? who was that person ? Give me the id . can you give me the last name , id , and phone number of the person with the most order ?
how many orders did the person with the most orders have ? who was that person ? Give me the id . can you give me the last name , id , and phone number of the person with the most order ? What is the customer last name, id and phone number with most number of orders?
what is the total home game attandance in 1871 ?
what is the total home game attandance in 1871 ? how many games played by BS1 ?
what is the total home game attandance in 1871 ? how many games played by BS1 ? WHAT IS THE RANK OF TEAM BS1 ? IN TEAM TABLE ?
what is the total home game attandance in 1871 ? how many games played by BS1 ? WHAT IS THE RANK OF TEAM BS1 ? IN TEAM TABLE ? What is the total home game attendance of team Boston Red Stockings from 2000 to 2010?
Which 5 players have the highest potential ? | Do you want the names of those players ? | Yes , please .
Which 5 players have the highest potential ? | Do you want the names of those players ? | Yes , please . What are their birthdays ?
Which 5 players have the highest potential ? | Do you want the names of those players ? | Yes , please . What are their birthdays ? What are their weights ?
Which 5 players have the highest potential ? | Do you want the names of those players ? | Yes , please . What are their birthdays ? What are their weights ? List the names and birthdays of the top five players in terms of potential.
Which location has the most number of train stations ?
Which location has the most number of train stations ? What is the total number of passengers do train station in london has ?
Which location has the most number of train stations ? What is the total number of passengers do train station in london has ? How many number of platforms do they have ? | could you give more info of your problem ? it the `` they '' station id or location ? | What is the number of platforms does train station in london has ?
Which location has the most number of train stations ? What is the total number of passengers do train station in london has ? How many number of platforms do they have ? | could you give more info of your problem ? it the `` they '' station id or location ? | What is the number of platforms does train station in london has ? What is the name of the train station in londom ?
Which location has the most number of train stations ? What is the total number of passengers do train station in london has ? How many number of platforms do they have ? | could you give more info of your problem ? it the `` they '' station id or location ? | What is the number of platforms does train station in london has ? What is the name of the train station in londom ? What is the main service of train station in london ?
Which location has the most number of train stations ? What is the total number of passengers do train station in london has ? How many number of platforms do they have ? | could you give more info of your problem ? it the `` they '' station id or location ? | What is the number of platforms does train station in london has ? What is the name of the train station in londom ? What is the main service of train station in london ? Show the location with most number of train stations.
Show the name of the product with product id 1 ?
Show the name of the product with product id 1 ? show the number of products with category Spices ?
Show the name of the product with product id 1 ? show the number of products with category Spices ? Show the number of products with category Spices and typically sold above 1000 ?
Show the name of the product with product id 1 ? show the number of products with category Spices ? Show the number of products with category Spices and typically sold above 1000 ? Find the number of products with category "Spices" and typically sold above 1000.
What are the names of all the individuals in the table ?
What are the names of all the individuals in the table ? How many followers does Celine Dion have ?
What are the names of all the individuals in the table ? How many followers does Celine Dion have ? How about Tyler Swift ?
What are the names of all the individuals in the table ? How many followers does Celine Dion have ? How about Tyler Swift ? What is Tyler Swift 's email ?
What are the names of all the individuals in the table ? How many followers does Celine Dion have ? How about Tyler Swift ? What is Tyler Swift 's email ? Find the name and email of the user whose name contains the word ‘Swift’.
How many institutions in this table ?
How many institutions in this table ? How many buildings in this table ?
How many institutions in this table ? How many buildings in this table ? How many type of institutions in this table ? | There are 3 different types of institutions in the table . | How many different teams in this institution table ?
How many institutions in this table ? How many buildings in this table ? How many type of institutions in this table ? | There are 3 different types of institutions in the table . | How many different teams in this institution table ? Show the name of buildings that do not have any institution.
Show the date of transaction where share count is larger than 100
Show the date of transaction where share count is larger than 100 What are the transaction IDs of those results ?
Show the date of transaction where share count is larger than 100 What are the transaction IDs of those results ? Show date of transaction where amount of transaction larger than 1000
Show the date of transaction where share count is larger than 100 What are the transaction IDs of those results ? Show date of transaction where amount of transaction larger than 1000 Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 or the amount is bigger than 1000.
How many users did not leave a review ?
How many users did not leave a review ? Can you list out their names ?
How many users did not leave a review ? Can you list out their names ? And the users who did not ?
How many users did not leave a review ? Can you list out their names ? And the users who did not ? How many reviews did we receive ?
How many users did not leave a review ? Can you list out their names ? And the users who did not ? How many reviews did we receive ? How many of the reviews have a rating greater than or equal to 5 ?
How many users did not leave a review ? Can you list out their names ? And the users who did not ? How many reviews did we receive ? How many of the reviews have a rating greater than or equal to 5 ? Find the names of users who did not leave any review.
Who are the members of Bootup Baltimore ? | Here are the first names and last names of members of Bootup Baltimore | What are there major 's ?
Who are the members of Bootup Baltimore ? | Here are the first names and last names of members of Bootup Baltimore | What are there major 's ? How many members are there total ?
Who are the members of Bootup Baltimore ? | Here are the first names and last names of members of Bootup Baltimore | What are there major 's ? How many members are there total ? Can you list all of the members ?
Who are the members of Bootup Baltimore ? | Here are the first names and last names of members of Bootup Baltimore | What are there major 's ? How many members are there total ? Can you list all of the members ? How many members are female ?
Who are the members of Bootup Baltimore ? | Here are the first names and last names of members of Bootup Baltimore | What are there major 's ? How many members are there total ? Can you list all of the members ? How many members are female ? Find all members of "Bootup Baltimore" whose major is "600". Show the first name and last name.
Show me the names of all body builders
Show me the names of all body builders Show me the details of weight of the all body builders
Show me the names of all body builders Show me the details of weight of the all body builders Show me the greatest weight of the body builder
Show me the names of all body builders Show me the details of weight of the all body builders Show me the greatest weight of the body builder Show me the name of the body builder with the most weight
Show me the names of all body builders Show me the details of weight of the all body builders Show me the greatest weight of the body builder Show me the name of the body builder with the most weight What is the name of the body builder with the greatest body weight?
Which furniture has the highest price ? | The id of the furniture with the highest price is 7 . | What is the name of the manufacturer that sells that furniture ?
Which furniture has the highest price ? | The id of the furniture with the highest price is 7 . | What is the name of the manufacturer that sells that furniture ? What is the manufacturer ID for Tomorrow ?
Which furniture has the highest price ? | The id of the furniture with the highest price is 7 . | What is the name of the manufacturer that sells that furniture ? What is the manufacturer ID for Tomorrow ? How many shops does Tomorrow have ?
Which furniture has the highest price ? | The id of the furniture with the highest price is 7 . | What is the name of the manufacturer that sells that furniture ? What is the manufacturer ID for Tomorrow ? How many shops does Tomorrow have ? Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture.
What language is used most often in songs ?
What language is used most often in songs ? And what is the range of resolution in songs ?
What language is used most often in songs ? And what is the range of resolution in songs ? What is the range of ratings for those songs ?
What language is used most often in songs ? And what is the range of resolution in songs ? What is the range of ratings for those songs ? What is the language most often used in songs with resolution below 500 ?
What language is used most often in songs ? And what is the range of resolution in songs ? What is the range of ratings for those songs ? What is the language most often used in songs with resolution below 500 ? And what language is most often used in songs with resolution above 500 ?
What language is used most often in songs ? And what is the range of resolution in songs ? What is the range of ratings for those songs ? What is the language most often used in songs with resolution below 500 ? And what language is most often used in songs with resolution above 500 ? What is the language that was used most often in songs with resolution above 500?
What is the most frequently used payment method ?
What is the most frequently used payment method ? How many customers used Visa to pay ?
What is the most frequently used payment method ? How many customers used Visa to pay ? Can you show me the email addresses of all the customers who paid with Visa ?
What is the most frequently used payment method ? How many customers used Visa to pay ? Can you show me the email addresses of all the customers who paid with Visa ? How about their phone numbers ?
What is the most frequently used payment method ? How many customers used Visa to pay ? Can you show me the email addresses of all the customers who paid with Visa ? How about their phone numbers ? Who is the newest customer of that group ?
What is the most frequently used payment method ? How many customers used Visa to pay ? Can you show me the email addresses of all the customers who paid with Visa ? How about their phone numbers ? Who is the newest customer of that group ? When did that customer become a customer ?
What is the most frequently used payment method ? How many customers used Visa to pay ? Can you show me the email addresses of all the customers who paid with Visa ? How about their phone numbers ? Who is the newest customer of that group ? When did that customer become a customer ? Find the payment method that is used most frequently.
What are the location codes of all the documents ?
What are the location codes of all the documents ? What are the document id of all the location code ? | Do you mean you wan na see the whole document ids or see the document id and its location codes at the same time . | Whole document ids
What are the location codes of all the documents ? What are the document id of all the location code ? | Do you mean you wan na see the whole document ids or see the document id and its location codes at the same time . | Whole document ids What is the date in location from of document id 81 ?
What are the location codes of all the documents ? What are the document id of all the location code ? | Do you mean you wan na see the whole document ids or see the document id and its location codes at the same time . | Whole document ids What is the date in location from of document id 81 ? Show the location codes with at least 3 documents.
Can i have the list of the names of film that was rented
Can i have the list of the names of film that was rented Give me the inventory id and title of the film that was most frequently rented
Can i have the list of the names of film that was rented Give me the inventory id and title of the film that was most frequently rented what are the special features of ACADEMY DINOSAUR
Can i have the list of the names of film that was rented Give me the inventory id and title of the film that was most frequently rented what are the special features of ACADEMY DINOSAUR What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices .
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building .
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building . What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in ?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building . What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in ? Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it ?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building . What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in ? Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it ? What is the name of company with the company id 4 ?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building . What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in ? Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it ? What is the name of company with the company id 4 ? ExxonMobil is located in Punto Chapultepec , correct ?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building . What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in ? Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it ? What is the name of company with the company id 4 ? ExxonMobil is located in Punto Chapultepec , correct ? Which buildings have a General Electric then ?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building . What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in ? Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it ? What is the name of company with the company id 4 ? ExxonMobil is located in Punto Chapultepec , correct ? Which buildings have a General Electric then ? What other companies are located in Corporativo BBVA Bancomer ?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices . Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building ? | What attributes of these companies do you want to know ? | The names of the companies that are present in that building . What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in ? Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it ? What is the name of company with the company id 4 ? ExxonMobil is located in Punto Chapultepec , correct ? Which buildings have a General Electric then ? What other companies are located in Corporativo BBVA Bancomer ? Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of customer IDs in the Customer Address History table ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of customer IDs in the Customer Address History table ? Thank you for that ! Can you update this list to include the associated customer names , customer address city and the date from and date to for each row ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of customer IDs in the Customer Address History table ? Thank you for that ! Can you update this list to include the associated customer names , customer address city and the date from and date to for each row ? Great ! Can you tell me which , if any , customers on this list appear more than once ?
Hello ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of customer IDs in the Customer Address History table ? Thank you for that ! Can you update this list to include the associated customer names , customer address city and the date from and date to for each row ? Great ! Can you tell me which , if any , customers on this list appear more than once ? Show the customer name, customer address city, date from, and date to for each customer address history.
Which wines were produced before 2000 ?
Which wines were produced before 2000 ? What is the most common year of production ?
Which wines were produced before 2000 ? What is the most common year of production ? Which wines were produced in 2007 ?
Which wines were produced before 2000 ? What is the most common year of production ? Which wines were produced in 2007 ? What about the ones after the year 2010 ?
Which wines were produced before 2000 ? What is the most common year of production ? Which wines were produced in 2007 ? What about the ones after the year 2010 ? Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 or after the year of 2010.
how many classrooms are available ?
how many classrooms are available ? how many grades are available ?
how many classrooms are available ? how many grades are available ? yes | LastName or FirstName ? | lastname
how many classrooms are available ? how many grades are available ? yes | LastName or FirstName ? | lastname how many firstnames are available ?
how many classrooms are available ? how many grades are available ? yes | LastName or FirstName ? | lastname how many firstnames are available ? what was the car grade ?
how many classrooms are available ? how many grades are available ? yes | LastName or FirstName ? | lastname how many firstnames are available ? what was the car grade ? For each grade 0 classroom, report the total number of students.
Which game names were played by Linda Smith ?
Which game names were played by Linda Smith ? What is the Gtype of RGN Stone ?
Which game names were played by Linda Smith ? What is the Gtype of RGN Stone ? What is the city code of Student Shiela Jones ?
Which game names were played by Linda Smith ? What is the Gtype of RGN Stone ? What is the city code of Student Shiela Jones ? How many Hours Played do The Vanishing of Eric Calde hasr ?
Which game names were played by Linda Smith ? What is the Gtype of RGN Stone ? What is the city code of Student Shiela Jones ? How many Hours Played do The Vanishing of Eric Calde hasr ? What are the Student names who have played Gname The Vanishing of Eric Calder .
Which game names were played by Linda Smith ? What is the Gtype of RGN Stone ? What is the city code of Student Shiela Jones ? How many Hours Played do The Vanishing of Eric Calde hasr ? What are the Student names who have played Gname The Vanishing of Eric Calder . What is the total Hours Played of all Students ?
Which game names were played by Linda Smith ? What is the Gtype of RGN Stone ? What is the city code of Student Shiela Jones ? How many Hours Played do The Vanishing of Eric Calde hasr ? What are the Student names who have played Gname The Vanishing of Eric Calder . What is the total Hours Played of all Students ? Show all game names played by Linda Smith
Hello , can you tell me the tourist attraction id for the photo name `` game1 '' ?
Hello , can you tell me the tourist attraction id for the photo name `` game1 '' ? Can you tell me the name for this attraction as well ?
Hello , can you tell me the tourist attraction id for the photo name `` game1 '' ? Can you tell me the name for this attraction as well ? How about how to get there ?
Hello , can you tell me the tourist attraction id for the photo name `` game1 '' ? Can you tell me the name for this attraction as well ? How about how to get there ? I need the opening hours as well please .
Hello , can you tell me the tourist attraction id for the photo name `` game1 '' ? Can you tell me the name for this attraction as well ? How about how to get there ? I need the opening hours as well please . What about the other details ?
Hello , can you tell me the tourist attraction id for the photo name `` game1 '' ? Can you tell me the name for this attraction as well ? How about how to get there ? I need the opening hours as well please . What about the other details ? What is the name of the tourist attraction that is associated with the photo "game1"?
Give me the nationality of the unemployed people
Give me the nationality of the unemployed people Which college did Reggie Lewis graduated from
Give me the nationality of the unemployed people Which college did Reggie Lewis graduated from List the names of people that are not employed by any company
How many detentions are there ?
How many detentions are there ? How many teachers are not involved in any of them ?
How many detentions are there ? How many teachers are not involved in any of them ? What are the last names of those teachers ?
How many detentions are there ? How many teachers are not involved in any of them ? What are the last names of those teachers ? Find the last names of teachers who are not involved in any detention.
I want to know the states and the college names which have some college students in tryout .
I want to know the states and the college names which have some college students in tryout . Hmm , can you show me the college names with players whose decisions are yes ?
I want to know the states and the college names which have some college students in tryout . Hmm , can you show me the college names with players whose decisions are yes ? Can you list just the states which have college students in tryout and their decisions are yes ?
I want to know the states and the college names which have some college students in tryout . Hmm , can you show me the college names with players whose decisions are yes ? Can you list just the states which have college students in tryout and their decisions are yes ? Find the states where have some college students in tryout and their decisions are yes.
How many countries have more than 1 city ?
How many countries have more than 1 city ? How many countries have at least 3 cities ?
How many countries have more than 1 city ? How many countries have at least 3 cities ? Show these countries
How many countries have more than 1 city ? How many countries have at least 3 cities ? Show these countries Which countries have at least 3 cities?
What are pilots names ?
What are pilots names ? Which pilot is in charge of most number of flights ?
What are pilots names ? Which pilot is in charge of most number of flights ? which pilot is in charge of the most number of flights?
What are the different colleges this season ?
What are the different colleges this season ? How many players are playing for the listed colleges ?
What are the different colleges this season ? How many players are playing for the listed colleges ? What are the draft classes for the players from UCLA and Duke ?
What are the different colleges this season ? How many players are playing for the listed colleges ? What are the draft classes for the players from UCLA and Duke ? Could you tell me the draft pick numbers of the players from those draft classes ?
What are the different colleges this season ? How many players are playing for the listed colleges ? What are the draft classes for the players from UCLA and Duke ? Could you tell me the draft pick numbers of the players from those draft classes ? What players were those draft pick numbers for ? | do you want to see both the players and the draft pick numbers ? | Yes please .
What are the different colleges this season ? How many players are playing for the listed colleges ? What are the draft classes for the players from UCLA and Duke ? Could you tell me the draft pick numbers of the players from those draft classes ? What players were those draft pick numbers for ? | do you want to see both the players and the draft pick numbers ? | Yes please . What are the positions of each of those players ?
What are the different colleges this season ? How many players are playing for the listed colleges ? What are the draft classes for the players from UCLA and Duke ? Could you tell me the draft pick numbers of the players from those draft classes ? What players were those draft pick numbers for ? | do you want to see both the players and the draft pick numbers ? | Yes please . What are the positions of each of those players ? Show the distinct position of players from college UCLA or Duke.
What are the average and minimum prices ( in Euros ) of all products ?
What are the average and minimum prices ( in Euros ) of all products ? How about just for Cola ?
What are the average and minimum prices ( in Euros ) of all products ? How about just for Cola ? How about the price of Cola in dollars ? | do you still want to know the average and minimum ? | Yes please !
What are the average and minimum prices ( in Euros ) of all products ? How about just for Cola ? How about the price of Cola in dollars ? | do you still want to know the average and minimum ? | Yes please ! How about the prices for root beer in dollars ? | did you still want to know the average and minimum ? | Yes please !
What are the average and minimum prices ( in Euros ) of all products ? How about just for Cola ? How about the price of Cola in dollars ? | do you still want to know the average and minimum ? | Yes please ! How about the prices for root beer in dollars ? | did you still want to know the average and minimum ? | Yes please ! What are the average and minimum price (in Euro) of all products?
How many counties are there ?
How many counties are there ? Which county has the lowest crime rate ? | Would you like the county name corresponding to the lowest crime rate ? | yes
How many counties are there ? Which county has the lowest crime rate ? | Would you like the county name corresponding to the lowest crime rate ? | yes which county has the highest crime rate ?
How many counties are there ? Which county has the lowest crime rate ? | Would you like the county name corresponding to the lowest crime rate ? | yes which county has the highest crime rate ? list together , the crime rate for Central Saanich and Campbell River counties | Would you like me to list the crime rates for counties with the name Central Saanich or Campbell River ? | yes
How many counties are there ? Which county has the lowest crime rate ? | Would you like the county name corresponding to the lowest crime rate ? | yes which county has the highest crime rate ? list together , the crime rate for Central Saanich and Campbell River counties | Would you like me to list the crime rates for counties with the name Central Saanich or Campbell River ? | yes please list by crime rate in ascending order | Would you like the crime rates for all counties in ascending order of crime rate ? | no , just for the 2 counties from the previous query
How many counties are there ? Which county has the lowest crime rate ? | Would you like the county name corresponding to the lowest crime rate ? | yes which county has the highest crime rate ? list together , the crime rate for Central Saanich and Campbell River counties | Would you like me to list the crime rates for counties with the name Central Saanich or Campbell River ? | yes please list by crime rate in ascending order | Would you like the crime rates for all counties in ascending order of crime rate ? | no , just for the 2 counties from the previous query What are the minimum and maximum crime rate of counties?
What is the name of the city with the most addresses ?
What is the name of the city with the most addresses ? How many addresses does it have ?
What is the name of the city with the most addresses ? How many addresses does it have ? What is its city id ?
What is the name of the city with the most addresses ? How many addresses does it have ? What is its city id ? Can you list the all addresses that have the letter S in them ?
What is the name of the city with the most addresses ? How many addresses does it have ? What is its city id ? Can you list the all addresses that have the letter S in them ? Which city has the most addresses? List the city name, number of addresses, and city id.
how many cities were affected ?
how many cities were affected ? what are the name for the regions ?
how many cities were affected ? what are the name for the regions ? how many number of storms for each region ?
how many cities were affected ? what are the name for the regions ? how many number of storms for each region ? Show the name for regions and the number of storms for each region.
Show me the country with people younger than 30 ,
Show me the country with people younger than 30 , Show me a list of countries with people over the age of 30 .
Show me the country with people younger than 30 , Show me a list of countries with people over the age of 30 . How many males 30 or older are in the Canada
Show me the country with people younger than 30 , Show me a list of countries with people over the age of 30 . How many males 30 or older are in the Canada Show the country where people older than 30 and younger than 25 are from.
what is the average salary of Boston Red Stockings ?
what is the average salary of Boston Red Stockings ? what is the league id of Boston Red Stocking ?
what is the average salary of Boston Red Stockings ? what is the league id of Boston Red Stocking ? what is their rank ? | do you mean all their ranks in every year ? | yes
what is the average salary of Boston Red Stockings ? what is the league id of Boston Red Stocking ? what is their rank ? | do you mean all their ranks in every year ? | yes What is average salary of the players in the team named 'Boston Red Stockings' ?
What are the highest and lowest prices of products , grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type ?
What are the highest and lowest prices of products , grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type ? What are the all product names
What are the highest and lowest prices of products , grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type ? What are the all product names What are the highest and lowest prices of products, grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type?
show me the name of the users .
show me the name of the users . show me the tweets tweeted by them . | do you want to show all the info of the tweets ? | yes
show me the name of the users . show me the tweets tweeted by them . | do you want to show all the info of the tweets ? | yes show me the number of tweets of each user
show me the name of the users . show me the tweets tweeted by them . | do you want to show all the info of the tweets ? | yes show me the number of tweets of each user Find the name of each user and number of tweets tweeted by each of them.
list the canceled product customer id ?
list the canceled product customer id ? which is the order date of customer id 5 ?
list the canceled product customer id ? which is the order date of customer id 5 ? what the average order quantity for all the order items ?
list the canceled product customer id ? which is the order date of customer id 5 ? what the average order quantity for all the order items ? Find the total amount of products ordered before 2018-03-17 07:13:53.
show me the first and last names of employees whose first name does not contain letter M
show me the first and last names of employees whose first name does not contain letter M show me the full name , hire date , salary and department number of these employees
show me the first and last names of employees whose first name does not contain letter M show me the full name , hire date , salary and department number of these employees Set this result in ascending order of department number
show me the first and last names of employees whose first name does not contain letter M show me the full name , hire date , salary and department number of these employees Set this result in ascending order of department number display the full name (first and last), hire date, salary, and department number for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M and make the result set in ascending order by department number.
Can you show me the phone numbers of all customers ?
Can you show me the phone numbers of all customers ? Hmm , I also want to know the phone numbers of all suppliers please .
Can you show me the phone numbers of all customers ? Hmm , I also want to know the phone numbers of all suppliers please . Please list the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers .
Can you show me the phone numbers of all customers ? Hmm , I also want to know the phone numbers of all suppliers please . Please list the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers . What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers.
please show the name of all the aircrafts .
please show the name of all the aircrafts . please show the description of the Aircraft Robinson R-22
please show the name of all the aircrafts . please show the description of the Aircraft Robinson R-22 Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name `` London Gatwick '' .
please show the name of all the aircrafts . please show the description of the Aircraft Robinson R-22 Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name `` London Gatwick '' . Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name "London Gatwick".
How many ships are there ?
How many ships are there ? What are their nationalities ?
How many ships are there ? What are their nationalities ? What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage ?
How many ships are there ? What are their nationalities ? What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage ? What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage?
What schools were founded before 1890 ?
What schools were founded before 1890 ? What was its denomination ?
What schools were founded before 1890 ? What was its denomination ? What schools were founded after 1900 ?
What schools were founded before 1890 ? What was its denomination ? What schools were founded after 1900 ? What were their denominations ?
What schools were founded before 1890 ? What was its denomination ? What schools were founded after 1900 ? What were their denominations ? Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
find the state of the college which player Charles is attending
find the state of the college which player Charles is attending OK , List out the all player id and college name
find the state of the college which player Charles is attending OK , List out the all player id and college name find the training hours of the player Charles
find the state of the college which player Charles is attending OK , List out the all player id and college name find the training hours of the player Charles ok , list out all college name
find the state of the college which player Charles is attending OK , List out the all player id and college name find the training hours of the player Charles ok , list out all college name Find the state of the college which player Charles is attending.
Can you list all schools with less than 5 different departments ?
Can you list all schools with less than 5 different departments ? Can you list all the departments with the school code BUS ?
Can you list all schools with less than 5 different departments ? Can you list all the departments with the school code BUS ? Thanks , can you just show the number of different departments in the table ?
Can you list all schools with less than 5 different departments ? Can you list all the departments with the school code BUS ? Thanks , can you just show the number of different departments in the table ? Find the number of different departments in each school whose number of different departments is less than 5.
Hello ! How many students are there in total ?
Hello ! How many students are there in total ? Great ! Can you list the ids of these students , and filter the list by only the students who are registered for one or more courses ?
Hello ! How many students are there in total ? Great ! Can you list the ids of these students , and filter the list by only the students who are registered for one or more courses ? Awesome ! Can you also add to this list the number of registered courses for each of these students ?
Hello ! How many students are there in total ? Great ! Can you list the ids of these students , and filter the list by only the students who are registered for one or more courses ? Awesome ! Can you also add to this list the number of registered courses for each of these students ? List the id of students who registered some courses and the number of their registered courses?
What is the name of the customer who has been involved in most policies ?
What is the name of the customer who has been involved in most policies ? What is her ID ?
What is the name of the customer who has been involved in most policies ? What is her ID ? How many policies has she been involved in ?
What is the name of the customer who has been involved in most policies ? What is her ID ? How many policies has she been involved in ? Find the name of the customer that has been involved in the most policies.
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices .
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices . How many devices from the list use the Android platform ?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices . How many devices from the list use the Android platform ? And how many devices from the list use the iOS platform ?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices . How many devices from the list use the Android platform ? And how many devices from the list use the iOS platform ? Could you please list the devices that use the Android platform ?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices . How many devices from the list use the Android platform ? And how many devices from the list use the iOS platform ? Could you please list the devices that use the Android platform ? How many different carriers are there on the list ?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices . How many devices from the list use the Android platform ? And how many devices from the list use the iOS platform ? Could you please list the devices that use the Android platform ? How many different carriers are there on the list ? What is the carrier for the Samsung device ?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices . How many devices from the list use the Android platform ? And how many devices from the list use the iOS platform ? Could you please list the devices that use the Android platform ? How many different carriers are there on the list ? What is the carrier for the Samsung device ? List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices.
what is the average price of wine not produced in Sanoma county
what is the average price of wine not produced in Sanoma county list all wineries available .
what is the average price of wine not produced in Sanoma county list all wineries available . list the all their prices
what is the average price of wine not produced in Sanoma county list all wineries available . list the all their prices Find the average price of wines that are not produced from Sonoma county.
Could you list the project details of the projects launched by the most popular organization ?
Could you list the project details of the projects launched by the most popular organization ? What are the ids of those ?
Could you list the project details of the projects launched by the most popular organization ? What are the ids of those ? What are their organization ids ?
Could you list the project details of the projects launched by the most popular organization ? What are the ids of those ? What are their organization ids ? Can you tell me the project details of the lowest numbered project id ?
Could you list the project details of the projects launched by the most popular organization ? What are the ids of those ? What are their organization ids ? Can you tell me the project details of the lowest numbered project id ? List the project details of the projects launched by the organisation
Which songs are in mp3 format ?
Which songs are in mp3 format ? Of the which have resolution below 1000 ?
Which songs are in mp3 format ? Of the which have resolution below 1000 ? What is their actual resolution ?
Which songs are in mp3 format ? Of the which have resolution below 1000 ? What is their actual resolution ? Return the names of songs for which format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000.
Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in .
Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in . What rank does Mark Giuliano have ?
Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in . What rank does Mark Giuliano have ? Give me names of all faculty members in alphabetical order | Do you want to rank by first name or last name ? | first name
Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in . What rank does Mark Giuliano have ? Give me names of all faculty members in alphabetical order | Do you want to rank by first name or last name ? | first name Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in.
What are all the names of the people ?
What are all the names of the people ? What are the names of the people who are in the affirmative side ?
What are all the names of the people ? What are the names of the people who are in the affirmative side ? What are the venues of debates on the affirmative side ?
What are all the names of the people ? What are the names of the people who are in the affirmative side ? What are the venues of debates on the affirmative side ? What are the dates of the debates on the affirmative side ?
What are all the names of the people ? What are the names of the people who are in the affirmative side ? What are the venues of debates on the affirmative side ? What are the dates of the debates on the affirmative side ? Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the affirmative side.
How many regional population of match id 1 ?
How many regional population of match id 1 ? Find the gdp of host city 2 .
How many regional population of match id 1 ? Find the gdp of host city 2 . Ok , What are the hanyu pinyin of Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) ?
How many regional population of match id 1 ? Find the gdp of host city 2 . Ok , What are the hanyu pinyin of Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) ? What is the host year of city `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' ?
How many regional population of match id 1 ? Find the gdp of host city 2 . Ok , What are the hanyu pinyin of Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) ? What is the host year of city `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' ? What is the host year of city "Taizhou ( Zhejiang )"?
Names of browsers that are compartable with cachebox ?
Names of browsers that are compartable with cachebox ? Names of browsers that are compartable with fasterfox ?
Names of browsers that are compartable with cachebox ? Names of browsers that are compartable with fasterfox ? What is firefox market ahare ?
Names of browsers that are compartable with cachebox ? Names of browsers that are compartable with fasterfox ? What is firefox market ahare ? Tell me the market share of safari ?
Names of browsers that are compartable with cachebox ? Names of browsers that are compartable with fasterfox ? What is firefox market ahare ? Tell me the market share of safari ? List the names of the browser that are compatible with both 'CACHEbox' and 'Fasterfox'.
What is the name of the swimmer who has the greatest number of records ?
What is the name of the swimmer who has the greatest number of records ? What about the least number of records ?
What is the name of the swimmer who has the greatest number of records ? What about the least number of records ? What are the nationalities of swimmers `` Grant Hackett '' and `` Craig Stevens '' ?
What is the name of the swimmer who has the greatest number of records ? What about the least number of records ? What are the nationalities of swimmers `` Grant Hackett '' and `` Craig Stevens '' ? Find the name of the swimmer who has the most records.
Can you list all student IDs that have any kind of allergy ?
Can you list all student IDs that have any kind of allergy ? Can you filter the list to only show student IDs that have food and animal type allergies ?
Can you list all student IDs that have any kind of allergy ? Can you filter the list to only show student IDs that have food and animal type allergies ? Can you display the ages associated with those student IDs ?
Can you list all student IDs that have any kind of allergy ? Can you filter the list to only show student IDs that have food and animal type allergies ? Can you display the ages associated with those student IDs ? What is the average of those 3 ages ?
Can you list all student IDs that have any kind of allergy ? Can you filter the list to only show student IDs that have food and animal type allergies ? Can you display the ages associated with those student IDs ? What is the average of those 3 ages ? Find the average age of the students who have allergies with food and animal types.
what is the salary of 1985 ?
what is the salary of 1985 ? who is get the high salary ? | Do you mean the id of the player who gets the highest salary ? | Yes .
what is the salary of 1985 ? who is get the high salary ? | Do you mean the id of the player who gets the highest salary ? | Yes . What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001?
Hello , can you find me the names of the furniture with less then 6 components ?
Hello , can you find me the names of the furniture with less then 6 components ? Thanks can you find me the names of the furniture with more then 10 components ?
Hello , can you find me the names of the furniture with less then 6 components ? Thanks can you find me the names of the furniture with more then 10 components ? Find the name of the company that produces both furnitures with less than 6 components and furnitures with more than 10 components.
how many physicians are presented on the table
how many physicians are presented on the table show all the procedures on the table | Did you want all the procedure names ? | exactly
how many physicians are presented on the table show all the procedures on the table | Did you want all the procedure names ? | exactly what is the position of John Dorian
how many physicians are presented on the table show all the procedures on the table | Did you want all the procedure names ? | exactly what is the position of John Dorian what is the cost of Reverse Rhinopodoplasty
how many physicians are presented on the table show all the procedures on the table | Did you want all the procedure names ? | exactly what is the position of John Dorian what is the cost of Reverse Rhinopodoplasty Find the names of procedures which physician John Wen was trained in.
How many rooms with the King Size bed are there ?
How many rooms with the King Size bed are there ? How much does one room with the King size bed cost per night ?
How many rooms with the King Size bed are there ? How much does one room with the King size bed cost per night ? Find the number of rooms with king bed for each decor type.
How many file formats are supported ?
How many file formats are supported ? How many songs are available in each format ?
How many file formats are supported ? How many songs are available in each format ? Is MP4 the most popular format ?
How many file formats are supported ? How many songs are available in each format ? Is MP4 the most popular format ? What is the most popular file format?
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed .
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed . What is zip postcode of the lucasville city ?
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed . What is zip postcode of the lucasville city ? Final question is How many Address ids in the table ?
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed . What is zip postcode of the lucasville city ? Final question is How many Address ids in the table ? List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed.
list the name of college in az ?
list the name of college in az ? list the name of the colleges whose enrollment is lesser than 18000 sorted by the college 's name ?
list the name of college in az ? list the name of the colleges whose enrollment is lesser than 18000 sorted by the college 's name ? which college enrollment is 22000 ?
list the name of college in az ? list the name of the colleges whose enrollment is lesser than 18000 sorted by the college 's name ? which college enrollment is 22000 ? list the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater than 12000 sorted by the college 's name and state ?
list the name of college in az ? list the name of the colleges whose enrollment is lesser than 18000 sorted by the college 's name ? which college enrollment is 22000 ? list the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater than 12000 sorted by the college 's name and state ? List the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater 18000 sorted by the college's name.
Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` win '' results in the record ?
Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` win '' results in the record ? Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` loss '' results in the record ?
Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` win '' results in the record ? Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` loss '' results in the record ? Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have both `` win '' and `` loss '' results in the record ?
Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` win '' results in the record ? Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` loss '' results in the record ? Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have both `` win '' and `` loss '' results in the record ? What are these three swimmers ' nationalities ?
Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` win '' results in the record ? Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have `` loss '' results in the record ? Can you find me the names of all the swimmers who have both `` win '' and `` loss '' results in the record ? What are these three swimmers ' nationalities ? Find the names of the swimmers who have both "win" and "loss" results in the record.
Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions ?
Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions ? Could you add in the investor details to the table please ?
Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions ? Could you add in the investor details to the table please ? Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the bottom 3 number of transactions ?
Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions ? Could you add in the investor details to the table please ? Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the bottom 3 number of transactions ? What are the investor ID and details for the investor who had the earliest transaction date ?
Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions ? Could you add in the investor details to the table please ? Could you show me the IDs for the investors who have the bottom 3 number of transactions ? What are the investor ID and details for the investor who had the earliest transaction date ? Show the id and details for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions.
Who is the oldest captain ?
Who is the oldest captain ? What about the youngest captain ?
Who is the oldest captain ? What about the youngest captain ? How many captains are there younger than 50 in each rank ?
Who is the oldest captain ? What about the youngest captain ? How many captains are there younger than 50 in each rank ? How many captains with younger than 50 are in each rank?
how many trips started from howard and ended at san fransisco
how many trips started from howard and ended at san fransisco how many trips started from south van ness and ended at san fransisco
how many trips started from howard and ended at san fransisco how many trips started from south van ness and ended at san fransisco how many trips started from mountain view city and ended in palo alto city
how many trips started from howard and ended at san fransisco how many trips started from south van ness and ended at san fransisco how many trips started from mountain view city and ended in palo alto city How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city?
Hi , could you please let me know the list of all female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | what did you want to get about female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | Oh sorry for the confusion , it would be great if I can see their first and last name .
Hi , could you please let me know the list of all female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | what did you want to get about female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | Oh sorry for the confusion , it would be great if I can see their first and last name . Thank you very much ! Then could you please show me the male students ' first and last name with the same condition ? Meaning older than 18 and not majoring in 600 .
Hi , could you please let me know the list of all female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | what did you want to get about female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | Oh sorry for the confusion , it would be great if I can see their first and last name . Thank you very much ! Then could you please show me the male students ' first and last name with the same condition ? Meaning older than 18 and not majoring in 600 . Thank you again . Could you please let me know who are the oldest among them with his age ? | Did you mean base on the last one question ? | yes please , so my question would be about the oldest male student who is not majoring in 600 .
Hi , could you please let me know the list of all female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | what did you want to get about female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | Oh sorry for the confusion , it would be great if I can see their first and last name . Thank you very much ! Then could you please show me the male students ' first and last name with the same condition ? Meaning older than 18 and not majoring in 600 . Thank you again . Could you please let me know who are the oldest among them with his age ? | Did you mean base on the last one question ? | yes please , so my question would be about the oldest male student who is not majoring in 600 . Then could you please let me know what is Ian Thornton 's major and advisor code ?
Hi , could you please let me know the list of all female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | what did you want to get about female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | Oh sorry for the confusion , it would be great if I can see their first and last name . Thank you very much ! Then could you please show me the male students ' first and last name with the same condition ? Meaning older than 18 and not majoring in 600 . Thank you again . Could you please let me know who are the oldest among them with his age ? | Did you mean base on the last one question ? | yes please , so my question would be about the oldest male student who is not majoring in 600 . Then could you please let me know what is Ian Thornton 's major and advisor code ? Thank you very much . This will be my last question , could you please show me the name of female students who are majoring in 520 , if there are any ? | Did you mean the full name about those ? | yes please , first and last name would be great .
Hi , could you please let me know the list of all female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | what did you want to get about female students who are older than 18 and not majoring in 600 ? | Oh sorry for the confusion , it would be great if I can see their first and last name . Thank you very much ! Then could you please show me the male students ' first and last name with the same condition ? Meaning older than 18 and not majoring in 600 . Thank you again . Could you please let me know who are the oldest among them with his age ? | Did you mean base on the last one question ? | yes please , so my question would be about the oldest male student who is not majoring in 600 . Then could you please let me know what is Ian Thornton 's major and advisor code ? Thank you very much . This will be my last question , could you please show me the name of female students who are majoring in 520 , if there are any ? | Did you mean the full name about those ? | yes please , first and last name would be great . List all female students age is older than 18 who is not majoring in 600. List students' first name and last name.
What are the interaction types between enzymes and medicine ?
What are the interaction types between enzymes and medicine ? What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine ?
What are the interaction types between enzymes and medicine ? What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine ? How many types are available ?
What are the interaction types between enzymes and medicine ? What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine ? How many types are available ? What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine? And how many are there?
What are the names of all the storms that affected at least two regions ?
What are the names of all the storms that affected at least two regions ? What are the names of all the storms that affected at least 10 cities ?
What are the names of all the storms that affected at least two regions ? What are the names of all the storms that affected at least 10 cities ? What are the names of all the storms that affected at least 10 cities and two regions ?
What are the names of all the storms that affected at least two regions ? What are the names of all the storms that affected at least 10 cities ? What are the names of all the storms that affected at least 10 cities and two regions ? Show storm name with at least two regions and 10 cities affected.
Can you list the number of airports whose names contain the word `` International '' ?
Can you list the number of airports whose names contain the word `` International '' ? What is the most common country of all of those airports ?
Can you list the number of airports whose names contain the word `` International '' ? What is the most common country of all of those airports ? What is the greatest elevation of all of those airports ?
Can you list the number of airports whose names contain the word `` International '' ? What is the most common country of all of those airports ? What is the greatest elevation of all of those airports ? What is the minimum elevation ?
Can you list the number of airports whose names contain the word `` International '' ? What is the most common country of all of those airports ? What is the greatest elevation of all of those airports ? What is the minimum elevation ? What country is the airport with the lowest elevation located in ?
Can you list the number of airports whose names contain the word `` International '' ? What is the most common country of all of those airports ? What is the greatest elevation of all of those airports ? What is the minimum elevation ? What country is the airport with the lowest elevation located in ? Find the number of airports whose name contain the word 'International'.
Show the route id of the destination airport id 2990 ?
Show the route id of the destination airport id 2990 ? Show the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines ?
Show the route id of the destination airport id 2990 ? Show the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines ? Show the destination airport of route id 39 ?
Show the route id of the destination airport id 2990 ? Show the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines ? Show the destination airport of route id 39 ? Find the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines.
which object railways that do not have any trains ? | Do you mean the object number ? | yes , I apologize . Which object number railways that do not have any trains ?
which object railways that do not have any trains ? | Do you mean the object number ? | yes , I apologize . Which object number railways that do not have any trains ? which one is located in New York . | Do you mean York ? | sorry , yes .
which object railways that do not have any trains ? | Do you mean the object number ? | yes , I apologize . Which object number railways that do not have any trains ? which one is located in New York . | Do you mean York ? | sorry , yes . which object numbers do have trains ?
which object railways that do not have any trains ? | Do you mean the object number ? | yes , I apologize . Which object number railways that do not have any trains ? which one is located in New York . | Do you mean York ? | sorry , yes . which object numbers do have trains ? who is the builder of Object Number 1975-7006 ?
which object railways that do not have any trains ? | Do you mean the object number ? | yes , I apologize . Which object number railways that do not have any trains ? which one is located in New York . | Do you mean York ? | sorry , yes . which object numbers do have trains ? who is the builder of Object Number 1975-7006 ? List the object number of railways that do not have any trains.
what is the artist name of india
what is the artist name of india what is the f id of bangala
what is the artist name of india what is the f id of bangala what is the rating of resolution 512
what is the artist name of india what is the f id of bangala what is the rating of resolution 512 what is the song name of tagore
what is the artist name of india what is the f id of bangala what is the rating of resolution 512 what is the song name of tagore what is the song name of bangladesh
what is the artist name of india what is the f id of bangala what is the rating of resolution 512 what is the song name of tagore what is the song name of bangladesh What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English?
hi , what is the president min salary ?
hi , what is the president min salary ? what is the president max salary ?
hi , what is the president min salary ? what is the president max salary ? what is name of employee id 100 ? | Did you mean the first name or last name of employee id 100 ? | first
hi , what is the president min salary ? what is the president max salary ? what is name of employee id 100 ? | Did you mean the first name or last name of employee id 100 ? | first display job title and average salary of employees.
give me the organization id then
give me the organization id then give me its project details .
give me the organization id then give me its project details . what is the outcome code ? | Whose outcome code do you want ? | for `deleniti
give me the organization id then give me its project details . what is the outcome code ? | Whose outcome code do you want ? | for `deleniti List the organisation id with the maximum outcome count, and the count.
show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000 .
show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000 . show me the ages of pilots in the center team position
show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000 . show me the ages of pilots in the center team position what is the nationality of the forward-center team ? | Do you mean the nationality of the pilot in the forward-center team ? | yes
show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000 . show me the ages of pilots in the center team position what is the nationality of the forward-center team ? | Do you mean the nationality of the pilot in the forward-center team ? | yes Show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000.
What students are n't taught by Otha Moyer ? | Did you want to return their full names ? | Yes please
What students are n't taught by Otha Moyer ? | Did you want to return their full names ? | Yes please Could you limit it to all first graders ?
What students are n't taught by Otha Moyer ? | Did you want to return their full names ? | Yes please Could you limit it to all first graders ? Find all first-grade students who are NOT taught by OTHA MOYER. Report their first and last names.
How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountain ranges in the country `` Ethiopia '' ?
How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountain ranges in the country `` Ethiopia '' ? What about in other countries ?
How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountain ranges in the country `` Ethiopia '' ? What about in other countries ? What are the names of the photographers who used those lenses ?
How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountain ranges in the country `` Ethiopia '' ? What about in other countries ? What are the names of the photographers who used those lenses ? How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountains in the country 'Ethiopia'?
hi , can you show me headquarters that have companies in the banking industry ?
hi , can you show me headquarters that have companies in the banking industry ? and can you also show me headquarters that have companies in the oil and gas industry ?
hi , can you show me headquarters that have companies in the banking industry ? and can you also show me headquarters that have companies in the oil and gas industry ? and can you show me only those headquarters that have both companies in oil and gas as well as banking industry ?
hi , can you show me headquarters that have companies in the banking industry ? and can you also show me headquarters that have companies in the oil and gas industry ? and can you show me only those headquarters that have both companies in oil and gas as well as banking industry ? Show the headquarters that have both companies in banking industry and companies in oil and gas industry.
how many instructors have taught ACCT-211 ?
how many instructors have taught ACCT-211 ? can you tell me their first names and offices , please ?
how many instructors have taught ACCT-211 ? can you tell me their first names and offices , please ? excellent . can you also give me the course description for ACCT-211 ?
how many instructors have taught ACCT-211 ? can you tell me their first names and offices , please ? excellent . can you also give me the course description for ACCT-211 ? Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and also find the course description.
Hi , could you please let me know the name of instructors in Comp . Sci . department whose salary is higher than 80000 ?
Hi , could you please let me know the name of instructors in Comp . Sci . department whose salary is higher than 80000 ? Oh only two of them . Thank you : ) Then could you please let me know the name of the instructor whose salary is the highest in the table ?
Hi , could you please let me know the name of instructors in Comp . Sci . department whose salary is higher than 80000 ? Oh only two of them . Thank you : ) Then could you please let me know the name of the instructor whose salary is the highest in the table ? That was quick , thank you again . Then could you please tell me the department name of instructor Wieland ?
Hi , could you please let me know the name of instructors in Comp . Sci . department whose salary is higher than 80000 ? Oh only two of them . Thank you : ) Then could you please let me know the name of the instructor whose salary is the highest in the table ? That was quick , thank you again . Then could you please tell me the department name of instructor Wieland ? Thank you : ) If it is not too bothersome , could you please let me know the average salary of the instructors in Pol . Sci . ?
Hi , could you please let me know the name of instructors in Comp . Sci . department whose salary is higher than 80000 ? Oh only two of them . Thank you : ) Then could you please let me know the name of the instructor whose salary is the highest in the table ? That was quick , thank you again . Then could you please tell me the department name of instructor Wieland ? Thank you : ) If it is not too bothersome , could you please let me know the average salary of the instructors in Pol . Sci . ? Thank you , then could you please tell me what would be the average salary of instructors for Cybernetics ?
Hi , could you please let me know the name of instructors in Comp . Sci . department whose salary is higher than 80000 ? Oh only two of them . Thank you : ) Then could you please let me know the name of the instructor whose salary is the highest in the table ? That was quick , thank you again . Then could you please tell me the department name of instructor Wieland ? Thank you : ) If it is not too bothersome , could you please let me know the average salary of the instructors in Pol . Sci . ? Thank you , then could you please tell me what would be the average salary of instructors for Cybernetics ? Thank you : ) This will be my last question , could you please let me know the name and ID of the instructor whose salary is the lowest ?
Hi , could you please let me know the name of instructors in Comp . Sci . department whose salary is higher than 80000 ? Oh only two of them . Thank you : ) Then could you please let me know the name of the instructor whose salary is the highest in the table ? That was quick , thank you again . Then could you please tell me the department name of instructor Wieland ? Thank you : ) If it is not too bothersome , could you please let me know the average salary of the instructors in Pol . Sci . ? Thank you , then could you please tell me what would be the average salary of instructors for Cybernetics ? Thank you : ) This will be my last question , could you please let me know the name and ID of the instructor whose salary is the lowest ? Find the names of all instructors in Comp. Sci. department with salary > 80000.
Hi who made the latest order ?
Hi who made the latest order ? How many people canceled their orders
Hi who made the latest order ? How many people canceled their orders How many times has Eunice Morar placed an order
Hi who made the latest order ? How many people canceled their orders How many times has Eunice Morar placed an order How did Eunic Morar pay ?
Hi who made the latest order ? How many people canceled their orders How many times has Eunice Morar placed an order How did Eunic Morar pay ? Who made the latest order?
What is the name of the school that participated in the basketball match ?
What is the name of the school that participated in the basketball match ? When was university of Rhode island founded ?
What is the name of the school that participated in the basketball match ? When was university of Rhode island founded ? What is the afflilation of university of rhode island ?
What is the name of the school that participated in the basketball match ? When was university of Rhode island founded ? What is the afflilation of university of rhode island ? How many schools do not participate in the basketball match?
What code has the most number of documents ? | The type code that has the most number of documents is BK | How many documents are in BK ?
What code has the most number of documents ? | The type code that has the most number of documents is BK | How many documents are in BK ? How about in CV ?
What code has the most number of documents ? | The type code that has the most number of documents is BK | How many documents are in BK ? How about in CV ? What is the document type code with most number of documents?
How long is the Fairy Bridge ?
How long is the Fairy Bridge ? Can you find the bridge name Xian Ren Qiao ?
How long is the Fairy Bridge ? Can you find the bridge name Xian Ren Qiao ? Do you know who the architect is for that bridge ?
How long is the Fairy Bridge ? Can you find the bridge name Xian Ren Qiao ? Do you know who the architect is for that bridge ? What other bridges did Wright architect ?
How long is the Fairy Bridge ? Can you find the bridge name Xian Ren Qiao ? Do you know who the architect is for that bridge ? What other bridges did Wright architect ? Do you know the mills built by architects who also built a bridge longer than 80 meters ?
How long is the Fairy Bridge ? Can you find the bridge name Xian Ren Qiao ? Do you know who the architect is for that bridge ? What other bridges did Wright architect ? Do you know the mills built by architects who also built a bridge longer than 80 meters ? What are the distinct name of the mills built by the architects who have also built a bridge longer than 80 meters?
what is the name of people aged either 35 or 36
what is the name of people aged either 35 or 36 how old is Luther C. Carter ?
what is the name of people aged either 35 or 36 how old is Luther C. Carter ? what is the age of William B. Maclay
what is the name of people aged either 35 or 36 how old is Luther C. Carter ? what is the age of William B. Maclay Show the names of people aged either 35 or 36.
Could you list the names of all counties in ascending alphabetical order ?
Could you list the names of all counties in ascending alphabetical order ? How many delegates do each of these counties have ?
Could you list the names of all counties in ascending alphabetical order ? How many delegates do each of these counties have ? Could you only show the counties that have at least two delegates ?
Could you list the names of all counties in ascending alphabetical order ? How many delegates do each of these counties have ? Could you only show the counties that have at least two delegates ? Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates.
Show the names of all the buildings .
Show the names of all the buildings . Show the names of all buildings that have an institution .
Show the names of all the buildings . Show the names of all buildings that have an institution . Show the number of floors for each of the buildings that have an institution .
Show the names of all the buildings . Show the names of all buildings that have an institution . Show the number of floors for each of the buildings that have an institution . Show the name of buildings that do not have an institution .
Show the names of all the buildings . Show the names of all buildings that have an institution . Show the number of floors for each of the buildings that have an institution . Show the name of buildings that do not have an institution . What is the street address of the Bank of America Tower .
Show the names of all the buildings . Show the names of all buildings that have an institution . Show the number of floors for each of the buildings that have an institution . Show the name of buildings that do not have an institution . What is the street address of the Bank of America Tower . List the buildings that have an institution and their street address .
Show the names of all the buildings . Show the names of all buildings that have an institution . Show the number of floors for each of the buildings that have an institution . Show the name of buildings that do not have an institution . What is the street address of the Bank of America Tower . List the buildings that have an institution and their street address . Show the name of buildings that do not have any institution.
Can you list all of the staff first names please ?
Can you list all of the staff first names please ? Can you filter that list to show only the staff with the letter 'a ' in their names ?
Can you list all of the staff first names please ? Can you filter that list to show only the staff with the letter 'a ' in their names ? Thank you ! Can you list how many lessons each of those individuals taught ?
Can you list all of the staff first names please ? Can you filter that list to show only the staff with the letter 'a ' in their names ? Thank you ! Can you list how many lessons each of those individuals taught ? How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a' in it?
Hi , show me the instructors
Hi , show me the instructors Nice . What is their average salary ?
Hi , show me the instructors Nice . What is their average salary ? Who earns the highest salary ?
Hi , show me the instructors Nice . What is their average salary ? Who earns the highest salary ? Who is the instructor with the highest salary?
What is the first name of Reservations Code 10105 ?
What is the first name of Reservations Code 10105 ? What is the last name of Reservations Code 10105 ?
What is the first name of Reservations Code 10105 ? What is the last name of Reservations Code 10105 ? Can you show the names of rooms that have been reserved for more than 60 times
What is the first name of Reservations Code 10105 ? What is the last name of Reservations Code 10105 ? Can you show the names of rooms that have been reserved for more than 60 times Find the names of rooms that have been reserved for more than 60 times.
How many players are on a team ? | Which team are you referring to ? | The Boston Red Stockings .
How many players are on a team ? | Which team are you referring to ? | The Boston Red Stockings . How many in the year 2000 ?
How many players are on a team ? | Which team are you referring to ? | The Boston Red Stockings . How many in the year 2000 ? What was the total salary of those players ?
How many players are on a team ? | Which team are you referring to ? | The Boston Red Stockings . How many in the year 2000 ? What was the total salary of those players ? How many players were in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2000?
how many schools are there ?
how many schools are there ? Which school has the highest acc percent score ?
how many schools are there ? Which school has the highest acc percent score ? How about the lowest ?
how many schools are there ? Which school has the highest acc percent score ? How about the lowest ? What 's its primary conference ?
how many schools are there ? Which school has the highest acc percent score ? How about the lowest ? What 's its primary conference ? What is the primary conference of the school that has the lowest acc percent score in the competition?
Show the names of editors of age 24 .
Show the names of editors of age 24 . Please show me the names of editors of age 25 .
Show the names of editors of age 24 . Please show me the names of editors of age 25 . hmmm . Can you also show me the name and age of the oldest editor ?
Show the names of editors of age 24 . Please show me the names of editors of age 25 . hmmm . Can you also show me the name and age of the oldest editor ? ok. can you also please give me the name and age of the youngest editor ?
Show the names of editors of age 24 . Please show me the names of editors of age 25 . hmmm . Can you also show me the name and age of the oldest editor ? ok. can you also please give me the name and age of the youngest editor ? How many editors are older then 25 and younger than 45 ?
Show the names of editors of age 24 . Please show me the names of editors of age 25 . hmmm . Can you also show me the name and age of the oldest editor ? ok. can you also please give me the name and age of the youngest editor ? How many editors are older then 25 and younger than 45 ? May I have their names please ?
Show the names of editors of age 24 . Please show me the names of editors of age 25 . hmmm . Can you also show me the name and age of the oldest editor ? ok. can you also please give me the name and age of the youngest editor ? How many editors are older then 25 and younger than 45 ? May I have their names please ? Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25.
What is the most common college id ?
What is the most common college id ? Who went there ?
What is the most common college id ? Who went there ? What about the most common country ?
What is the most common college id ? Who went there ? What about the most common country ? Show the most common country across members.
Who are the customers ?
Who are the customers ? Which of them have mortgage loans ?
Who are the customers ? Which of them have mortgage loans ? And which also have auto loans ?
Who are the customers ? Which of them have mortgage loans ? And which also have auto loans ? Find the name of customers who have loans of both Mortgages and Auto.
Hi what are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ?
Hi what are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ? What is steven king 's phone number
Hi what are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ? What is steven king 's phone number What is Steven King Employee ID number
Hi what are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ? What is steven king 's phone number What is Steven King Employee ID number What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90?
What is the average payment method used to process payments ? | Sorry . Can you clarify your question ? | How many payment methods were used to process payments ?
What is the average payment method used to process payments ? | Sorry . Can you clarify your question ? | How many payment methods were used to process payments ? What payment method is used to process payments the most ?
What is the average payment method used to process payments ? | Sorry . Can you clarify your question ? | How many payment methods were used to process payments ? What payment method is used to process payments the most ? And the least used payment method ?
What is the average payment method used to process payments ? | Sorry . Can you clarify your question ? | How many payment methods were used to process payments ? What payment method is used to process payments the most ? And the least used payment method ? How many payment methods has American Express processed ?
What is the average payment method used to process payments ? | Sorry . Can you clarify your question ? | How many payment methods were used to process payments ? What payment method is used to process payments the most ? And the least used payment method ? How many payment methods has American Express processed ? What about MasterCard ?
What is the average payment method used to process payments ? | Sorry . Can you clarify your question ? | How many payment methods were used to process payments ? What payment method is used to process payments the most ? And the least used payment method ? How many payment methods has American Express processed ? What about MasterCard ? Can I get the names of all the payment methods used ?
What is the average payment method used to process payments ? | Sorry . Can you clarify your question ? | How many payment methods were used to process payments ? What payment method is used to process payments the most ? And the least used payment method ? How many payment methods has American Express processed ? What about MasterCard ? Can I get the names of all the payment methods used ? With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed?
What is the total home game attendance of all teams from 2000 to 2010 ?
What is the total home game attendance of all teams from 2000 to 2010 ? What about for just the team Boston Red Stockings ?
What is the total home game attendance of all teams from 2000 to 2010 ? What about for just the team Boston Red Stockings ? What 's the average total home game attendance for the Cleveland Forest Citys for all years ?
What is the total home game attendance of all teams from 2000 to 2010 ? What about for just the team Boston Red Stockings ? What 's the average total home game attendance for the Cleveland Forest Citys for all years ? What about for the Chicago White Stockings ?
What is the total home game attendance of all teams from 2000 to 2010 ? What about for just the team Boston Red Stockings ? What 's the average total home game attendance for the Cleveland Forest Citys for all years ? What about for the Chicago White Stockings ? What is the name of the team with the earliest home game date , and what is that date ?
What is the total home game attendance of all teams from 2000 to 2010 ? What about for just the team Boston Red Stockings ? What 's the average total home game attendance for the Cleveland Forest Citys for all years ? What about for the Chicago White Stockings ? What is the name of the team with the earliest home game date , and what is that date ? What about the latest date ?
What is the total home game attendance of all teams from 2000 to 2010 ? What about for just the team Boston Red Stockings ? What 's the average total home game attendance for the Cleveland Forest Citys for all years ? What about for the Chicago White Stockings ? What is the name of the team with the earliest home game date , and what is that date ? What about the latest date ? What is the total home game attendance of team Boston Red Stockings from 2000 to 2010?
Show me the name of the store name with dept store id 1 ? | Do you mean dept store chain name ? | yes
Show me the name of the store name with dept store id 1 ? | Do you mean dept store chain name ? | yes Show me the name of all department stores ? | Do you mean the store name ? | yes
Show me the name of the store name with dept store id 1 ? | Do you mean dept store chain name ? | yes Show me the name of all department stores ? | Do you mean the store name ? | yes Show how many department stores does the store chain South have ?
Show me the name of the store name with dept store id 1 ? | Do you mean dept store chain name ? | yes Show me the name of all department stores ? | Do you mean the store name ? | yes Show how many department stores does the store chain South have ? How many department stores does the store chain South have?
Hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of the different payment method code types ?
Hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of the different payment method code types ? Awesome ! Of these different codes , can you tell me which individual code was used by the largest number of orders ?
Hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of the different payment method code types ? Awesome ! Of these different codes , can you tell me which individual code was used by the largest number of orders ? Great ! Can you please tell me what is the total number of orders that used MasterCard ?
Hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all of the different payment method code types ? Awesome ! Of these different codes , can you tell me which individual code was used by the largest number of orders ? Great ! Can you please tell me what is the total number of orders that used MasterCard ? What is the payment method code used by the most orders?
How many students play football ?
How many students play football ? What are their first and last names ?
How many students play football ? What are their first and last names ? How many students play Lacrosse ?
How many students play football ? What are their first and last names ? How many students play Lacrosse ? What are their first and last names ?
How many students play football ? What are their first and last names ? How many students play Lacrosse ? What are their first and last names ? Find the last and first name of students who are playing Football or Lacrosse.
Can you list all the names of the students who have the position of striker ?
Can you list all the names of the students who have the position of striker ? Can you also list the tryout decision they got please ?
Can you list all the names of the students who have the position of striker ? Can you also list the tryout decision they got please ? What are the names and positions of all players who got a no for their tryout decision ?
Can you list all the names of the students who have the position of striker ? Can you also list the tryout decision they got please ? What are the names and positions of all players who got a no for their tryout decision ? What are the names and college names of all players who have over 700 training hours ?
Can you list all the names of the students who have the position of striker ? Can you also list the tryout decision they got please ? What are the names and positions of all players who got a no for their tryout decision ? What are the names and college names of all players who have over 700 training hours ? Can you add their positions into the table please ?
Can you list all the names of the students who have the position of striker ? Can you also list the tryout decision they got please ? What are the names and positions of all players who got a no for their tryout decision ? What are the names and college names of all players who have over 700 training hours ? Can you add their positions into the table please ? Find the names of the students who are in the position of striker and got a yes tryout decision.
What ids have more than one participant ? | Which kind of ID do you mean ? | Event ID and Service ID
What ids have more than one participant ? | Which kind of ID do you mean ? | Event ID and Service ID And which Event Details have more than one participant ? | Do you mean the Event Details of the event ? | I mean the details of the events that have more than one participant .
What ids have more than one participant ? | Which kind of ID do you mean ? | Event ID and Service ID And which Event Details have more than one participant ? | Do you mean the Event Details of the event ? | I mean the details of the events that have more than one participant . What are the ids and details of events that have more than one participants?
how many on the airport table
how many on the airport table what is the country of goroka
how many on the airport table what is the country of goroka find the name and city of the airport which is the destination of the most number of route .
how many on the airport table what is the country of goroka find the name and city of the airport which is the destination of the most number of route . Find the name and city of the airport which is the destination of the most number of routes.
LIST THE DATES OF ENROLLMENT AND COMPLETION OF THE STUDENT WITH PERSONAL NAME `` KARSON '' ?
LIST THE DATES OF ENROLLMENT AND COMPLETION OF THE STUDENT WITH PERSONAL NAME `` KARSON '' ? List the name of all students ?
LIST THE DATES OF ENROLLMENT AND COMPLETION OF THE STUDENT WITH PERSONAL NAME `` KARSON '' ? List the name of all students ? List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with personal name "Karson".
How many different countries serve as headquarters ?
How many different countries serve as headquarters ? What is the most popular industry ?
How many different countries serve as headquarters ? What is the most popular industry ? What company has the highest market value ? | Did you mean the max Profits_in_Billion ? | No , I mean Market_Value_in_Billion .
How many different countries serve as headquarters ? What is the most popular industry ? What company has the highest market value ? | Did you mean the max Profits_in_Billion ? | No , I mean Market_Value_in_Billion . What headquarter is the most popular ?
How many different countries serve as headquarters ? What is the most popular industry ? What company has the highest market value ? | Did you mean the max Profits_in_Billion ? | No , I mean Market_Value_in_Billion . What headquarter is the most popular ? Show the most common headquarter for companies.
which operating system has a connection of Broadband , Satellite , Wireless , Fiber , DSL ?
which operating system has a connection of Broadband , Satellite , Wireless , Fiber , DSL ? What is the market share of Safari ?
which operating system has a connection of Broadband , Satellite , Wireless , Fiber , DSL ? What is the market share of Safari ? Since which year has CProxy been compatible ?
which operating system has a connection of Broadband , Satellite , Wireless , Fiber , DSL ? What is the market share of Safari ? Since which year has CProxy been compatible ? What is the total number of browsers are available ?
which operating system has a connection of Broadband , Satellite , Wireless , Fiber , DSL ? What is the market share of Safari ? Since which year has CProxy been compatible ? What is the total number of browsers are available ? what are their names ?
which operating system has a connection of Broadband , Satellite , Wireless , Fiber , DSL ? What is the market share of Safari ? Since which year has CProxy been compatible ? What is the total number of browsers are available ? what are their names ? Show the accelerator names and supporting operating systems that are not compatible with the browser named 'Opera'.
Show me all the wine names made in the year 2006 .
Show me all the wine names made in the year 2006 . Show me their prices .
Show me all the wine names made in the year 2006 . Show me their prices . What is the maximum of these prices ?
Show me all the wine names made in the year 2006 . Show me their prices . What is the maximum of these prices ? Show me all the wine names that have a price higher than 200 .
Show me all the wine names made in the year 2006 . Show me their prices . What is the maximum of these prices ? Show me all the wine names that have a price higher than 200 . What are the names of wines that are more expensive then all wines made in the year 2006?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have only been visited once ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have only been visited once ? What are the ids of those ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have only been visited once ? What are the ids of those ? What are the opening hours of those attractions ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have only been visited once ? What are the ids of those ? What are the opening hours of those attractions ? Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at most once.
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance .
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance . Ok ! . Can you please give me the names of the accounts where the checking balance is more than 3000
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance . Ok ! . Can you please give me the names of the accounts where the checking balance is more than 3000 Give me the names of the accounts where the savings balance is more than 20000
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance . Ok ! . Can you please give me the names of the accounts where the checking balance is more than 3000 Give me the names of the accounts where the savings balance is more than 20000 What is the highest balance in the savings account ?
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance . Ok ! . Can you please give me the names of the accounts where the checking balance is more than 3000 Give me the names of the accounts where the savings balance is more than 20000 What is the highest balance in the savings account ? Hmmm . Please tell me what is the lowest balance in the savings account .
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance . Ok ! . Can you please give me the names of the accounts where the checking balance is more than 3000 Give me the names of the accounts where the savings balance is more than 20000 What is the highest balance in the savings account ? Hmmm . Please tell me what is the lowest balance in the savings account . Can you also give me the lowest and the highest balance for checking account .
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance . Ok ! . Can you please give me the names of the accounts where the checking balance is more than 3000 Give me the names of the accounts where the savings balance is more than 20000 What is the highest balance in the savings account ? Hmmm . Please tell me what is the lowest balance in the savings account . Can you also give me the lowest and the highest balance for checking account . Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance.
Can you please list all the characteristics of the product named sesame ?
Can you please list all the characteristics of the product named sesame ? Can you please list all the characteristics of the product named sesame with the type code `` Grade '' ?
Can you please list all the characteristics of the product named sesame ? Can you please list all the characteristics of the product named sesame with the type code `` Grade '' ? What is the characteristic name of the product with the highest typical selling price ?
Can you please list all the characteristics of the product named sesame ? Can you please list all the characteristics of the product named sesame with the type code `` Grade '' ? What is the characteristic name of the product with the highest typical selling price ? List all characteristics of product named "sesame" with type code "Grade".
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating ?
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating ? Which player scored highest in dribbling ?
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating ? Which player scored highest in dribbling ? What is Cristiano Ronaldo 's birthday ?
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating ? Which player scored highest in dribbling ? What is Cristiano Ronaldo 's birthday ? Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating?
How many policies are listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ?
How many policies are listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? And for America Jaskolski ?
How many policies are listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? And for America Jaskolski ? How many policies does Ellsworth Paucek have listed ?
How many policies are listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? And for America Jaskolski ? How many policies does Ellsworth Paucek have listed ? How many policies are listed for the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What is the number of tourists who did n't make any visit ?
What is the number of tourists who did n't make any visit ? What are their details ?
What is the number of tourists who did n't make any visit ? What are their details ? What are the details of the tourist who had the earliest visit ?
What is the number of tourists who did n't make any visit ? What are their details ? What are the details of the tourist who had the earliest visit ? How many tourists did not make any visit?
Which product descriptions contain the letter t ?
Which product descriptions contain the letter t ? What are their prices ? | Do you mean typical buying price or typical selling price ? | Buying price .
Which product descriptions contain the letter t ? What are their prices ? | Do you mean typical buying price or typical selling price ? | Buying price . What is the average buying price ?
Which product descriptions contain the letter t ? What are their prices ? | Do you mean typical buying price or typical selling price ? | Buying price . What is the average buying price ? Which of those products does not have a buying price ?
Which product descriptions contain the letter t ? What are their prices ? | Do you mean typical buying price or typical selling price ? | Buying price . What is the average buying price ? Which of those products does not have a buying price ? Find the category descriptions of the products whose descriptions include letter 't'.
Can you tell me how many different purchases Lucas Mancini has made ?
Can you tell me how many different purchases Lucas Mancini has made ? Great ! How much total money has Lucas Mancini spent in total ?
Can you tell me how many different purchases Lucas Mancini has made ? Great ! How much total money has Lucas Mancini spent in total ? What was the most recent associated invoice date for Lucas Mancini ?
Can you tell me how many different purchases Lucas Mancini has made ? Great ! How much total money has Lucas Mancini spent in total ? What was the most recent associated invoice date for Lucas Mancini ? What is the total amount of money spent by Lucas Mancini?
How many invoices are from the US ?
How many invoices are from the US ? Could you list them grouped by state ?
How many invoices are from the US ? Could you list them grouped by state ? Could you list the number of invoices grouped by country ?
How many invoices are from the US ? Could you list them grouped by state ? Could you list the number of invoices grouped by country ? Can you list the number of invoices from the US grouped by billing city ?
How many invoices are from the US ? Could you list them grouped by state ? Could you list the number of invoices grouped by country ? Can you list the number of invoices from the US grouped by billing city ? Can you list the number of invoices from all countries except the US grouped by billing city ?
How many invoices are from the US ? Could you list them grouped by state ? Could you list the number of invoices grouped by country ? Can you list the number of invoices from the US grouped by billing city ? Can you list the number of invoices from all countries except the US grouped by billing city ? List the number of invoices from the US, grouped by state.
Hello ! Can you show me all school names and bus driver names for each of the school buses in this database ?
Hello ! Can you show me all school names and bus driver names for each of the school buses in this database ? Show the school name and driver name for all school buses.
How many total movie ratings are there ?
How many total movie ratings are there ? How many of those movies received less than 2 ratings ?
How many total movie ratings are there ? How many of those movies received less than 2 ratings ? Of the 14 ratings , what was the highest rating ?
How many total movie ratings are there ? How many of those movies received less than 2 ratings ? Of the 14 ratings , what was the highest rating ? And the lowest ?
How many total movie ratings are there ? How many of those movies received less than 2 ratings ? Of the 14 ratings , what was the highest rating ? And the lowest ? And the average ?
How many total movie ratings are there ? How many of those movies received less than 2 ratings ? Of the 14 ratings , what was the highest rating ? And the lowest ? And the average ? Find the average rating star for each movie that received at least 2 ratings.
List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endorsement .
List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endorsement . which donator has the highest endowment ? | Did you mean endowment id ? | which donator has the highest amount of endowment ?
List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endorsement . which donator has the highest endowment ? | Did you mean endowment id ? | which donator has the highest amount of endowment ? which donator has the lowest endowment amount ?
List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endorsement . which donator has the highest endowment ? | Did you mean endowment id ? | which donator has the highest amount of endowment ? which donator has the lowest endowment amount ? List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endowment.
What are the IDs of the aircrafts with name Airbus A340-300 ?
What are the IDs of the aircrafts with name Airbus A340-300 ? What distance does aircraft ID fly ? | Do you mean aircraft id 3 ? And want me to return the sum of all the distances it flew ? | Yes please .
What are the IDs of the aircrafts with name Airbus A340-300 ? What distance does aircraft ID fly ? | Do you mean aircraft id 3 ? And want me to return the sum of all the distances it flew ? | Yes please . WHat flight numbers have that aid ?
What are the IDs of the aircrafts with name Airbus A340-300 ? What distance does aircraft ID fly ? | Do you mean aircraft id 3 ? And want me to return the sum of all the distances it flew ? | Yes please . WHat flight numbers have that aid ? Show all flight numbers with aircraft Airbus A340-300.
What is Zach age ?
What is Zach age ? Who is the doctor works ? | Do you mean whose job is `` doctor '' ? | Yes
What is Zach age ? Who is the doctor works ? | Do you mean whose job is `` doctor '' ? | Yes Who is in the town of new york ?
What is Zach age ? Who is the doctor works ? | Do you mean whose job is `` doctor '' ? | Yes Who is in the town of new york ? Who has friends that are younger than the average age ?
What is Zach age ? Who is the doctor works ? | Do you mean whose job is `` doctor '' ? | Yes Who is in the town of new york ? Who has friends that are younger than the average age ? Who has friends that are younger than the average age?
Hello , how many customers are there ?
Hello , how many customers are there ? How many lesson does customer with first name Ray took?
Age and sex of Smith Linda ? | The age and sex of the student whose last name is Smith and first name is Linda are 18 and F respectively . | What type of game is 'The Vanishing of Eric Calder ' ?
Age and sex of Smith Linda ? | The age and sex of the student whose last name is Smith and first name is Linda are 18 and F respectively . | What type of game is 'The Vanishing of Eric Calder ' ? Give the hours played by Kim Tracy ?
Age and sex of Smith Linda ? | The age and sex of the student whose last name is Smith and first name is Linda are 18 and F respectively . | What type of game is 'The Vanishing of Eric Calder ' ? Give the hours played by Kim Tracy ? City code of Jones Shiela ? | Do you mean the city code of the student whose first name is Shiela and last name is Jones ? | Yes
Age and sex of Smith Linda ? | The age and sex of the student whose last name is Smith and first name is Linda are 18 and F respectively . | What type of game is 'The Vanishing of Eric Calder ' ? Give the hours played by Kim Tracy ? City code of Jones Shiela ? | Do you mean the city code of the student whose first name is Shiela and last name is Jones ? | Yes Find the last name and gender of the students who are playing both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius games.
What is the number of projects that Sony does n't manufacture ?
What is the number of projects that Sony does n't manufacture ? What is the number of products that Creative Labs does manufacture ?
What is the number of projects that Sony does n't manufacture ? What is the number of products that Creative Labs does manufacture ? Find number of products which Sony does not make.
What is the Job title code of department id 4 ?
What is the Job title code of department id 4 ? What is the date assigned from and of the staff id 1 ?
What is the Job title code of department id 4 ? What is the date assigned from and of the staff id 1 ? What is the department Id of sales person ?
What is the Job title code of department id 4 ? What is the date assigned from and of the staff id 1 ? What is the department Id of sales person ? What is the date assigned to clerical staff ?
What is the Job title code of department id 4 ? What is the date assigned from and of the staff id 1 ? What is the department Id of sales person ? What is the date assigned to clerical staff ? What is the date assigned from and date assigned to sales person ?
What is the Job title code of department id 4 ? What is the date assigned from and of the staff id 1 ? What is the department Id of sales person ? What is the date assigned to clerical staff ? What is the date assigned from and date assigned to sales person ? What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than any Clerical Staff?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the artist names ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the artist names ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to show only the names of artists above the age of 46 ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the artist names ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to show only the names of artists above the age of 46 ? Great ! Can you tell me how many of these artists above age 46 joined after 1990 ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the artist names ? Excellent ! Can you filter this list to show only the names of artists above the age of 46 ? Great ! Can you tell me how many of these artists above age 46 joined after 1990 ? How many artists are above age 46 and joined after 1990?
show me the names and ids of all stations
show me the names and ids of all stations How many stations had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in december ?
show me the names and ids of all stations How many stations had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in december ? show me the name and ids of these stations
show me the names and ids of all stations How many stations had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in december ? show me the name and ids of these stations What are the names and ids of stations that had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in December?
can you show me a list of nicknames ?
can you show me a list of nicknames ? who is the first joined staff ? | Which information do you want to know about the first joined staff ? | can you show me a list of date joined staff ?
can you show me a list of nicknames ? who is the first joined staff ? | Which information do you want to know about the first joined staff ? | can you show me a list of date joined staff ? can you shoe me customers ' phone numbers ? | Do you mean cell mobile phone number or phone number ? | phone number
can you show me a list of nicknames ? who is the first joined staff ? | Which information do you want to know about the first joined staff ? | can you show me a list of date joined staff ? can you shoe me customers ' phone numbers ? | Do you mean cell mobile phone number or phone number ? | phone number which last names are both used by customers and by staff ?
can you show me a list of nicknames ? who is the first joined staff ? | Which information do you want to know about the first joined staff ? | can you show me a list of date joined staff ? can you shoe me customers ' phone numbers ? | Do you mean cell mobile phone number or phone number ? | phone number which last names are both used by customers and by staff ? Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
* I have left the chat *
* I have left the chat * what are the station network name and services for these station
* I have left the chat * what are the station network name and services for these station include station id in the list
* I have left the chat * what are the station network name and services for these station include station id in the list Find the number of trains for each station, as well as the station network name and services.
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $ 160 and two beds .
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $ 160 and two beds . Which room has highest price value ? tell me the name and Room ID
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $ 160 and two beds . Which room has highest price value ? tell me the name and Room ID Which room has lowest price value ? tell me the price , the name and Room ID
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $ 160 and two beds . Which room has highest price value ? tell me the name and Room ID Which room has lowest price value ? tell me the price , the name and Room ID Which room has most number of beds ? Tell me the Room ID , Name and decor ?
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $ 160 and two beds . Which room has highest price value ? tell me the name and Room ID Which room has lowest price value ? tell me the price , the name and Room ID Which room has most number of beds ? Tell me the Room ID , Name and decor ? Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $160 and two beds.
hi . How many products are there ?
hi . How many products are there ? excellent . and how much is the cheapest priced product ?
hi . How many products are there ? excellent . and how much is the cheapest priced product ? and can you tell me the name of that product ?
hi . How many products are there ? excellent . and how much is the cheapest priced product ? and can you tell me the name of that product ? Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
Which buildings are in a studio ?
Which buildings are in a studio ? What are their managers ?
Which buildings are in a studio ? What are their managers ? Which of the building full names have the word `` court '' in it ?
Which buildings are in a studio ? What are their managers ? Which of the building full names have the word `` court '' in it ? What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
Can you list all market ids and the names of the districts associated with them ?
Can you list all market ids and the names of the districts associated with them ? Can you add to the table the phone ids from the table phone market that are associated with each market id ?
Can you list all market ids and the names of the districts associated with them ? Can you add to the table the phone ids from the table phone market that are associated with each market id ? Can you add to the table the name of the phones associated with each of the phone ids ?
Can you list all market ids and the names of the districts associated with them ? Can you add to the table the phone ids from the table phone market that are associated with each market id ? Can you add to the table the name of the phones associated with each of the phone ids ? Can you sort the table by phone id , but still retain all information within the table ?
Can you list all market ids and the names of the districts associated with them ? Can you add to the table the phone ids from the table phone market that are associated with each market id ? Can you add to the table the name of the phones associated with each of the phone ids ? Can you sort the table by phone id , but still retain all information within the table ? Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on.
How many enzymes are there ?
How many enzymes are there ? How many have interactions with medicines ?
How many enzymes are there ? How many have interactions with medicines ? How many enzymes do not have any interactions?
How many residences are there ?
How many residences are there ? What are these residences ?
How many residences are there ? What are these residences ? Which residences have more than 1 player ?
How many residences are there ? What are these residences ? Which residences have more than 1 player ? Show the residences that have at least two players.
Can you list the product ids and the booked amounts ?
Can you list the product ids and the booked amounts ? What product ids are never booked with amount higher than 200 ?
Can you list the product ids and the booked amounts ? What product ids are never booked with amount higher than 200 ? How many products are never booked with amount higher than 200?
How many game types do you have ?
How many game types do you have ? What is the average number of games in all game types ?
How many game types do you have ? What is the average number of games in all game types ? Finally , which game type has the least number of games ?
How many game types do you have ? What is the average number of games in all game types ? Finally , which game type has the least number of games ? Which game type has least number of games?
Tell the capacity , length , height and width for the catalog entry name cola ?
Tell the capacity , length , height and width for the catalog entry name cola ? Tell me the price of Cream Soda in dollars , euros and pounds .
Tell the capacity , length , height and width for the catalog entry name cola ? Tell me the price of Cream Soda in dollars , euros and pounds . What is the product with the highest height ? Give me the catalog entry name .
Tell the capacity , length , height and width for the catalog entry name cola ? Tell me the price of Cream Soda in dollars , euros and pounds . What is the product with the highest height ? Give me the catalog entry name . What is the product with the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ? Do any of the English professors have a PhD ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ? Do any of the English professors have a PhD ? Can you tell me where the history Doctorate 's office is ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ? Do any of the English professors have a PhD ? Can you tell me where the history Doctorate 's office is ? What is the total number professors with doctorates employed by the 11 departments ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ? Do any of the English professors have a PhD ? Can you tell me where the history Doctorate 's office is ? What is the total number professors with doctorates employed by the 11 departments ? Of those 18 , how many doctorates are employed by the accounting department ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ? Do any of the English professors have a PhD ? Can you tell me where the history Doctorate 's office is ? What is the total number professors with doctorates employed by the 11 departments ? Of those 18 , how many doctorates are employed by the accounting department ? Can you tell me where their offices are ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ? Do any of the English professors have a PhD ? Can you tell me where the history Doctorate 's office is ? What is the total number professors with doctorates employed by the 11 departments ? Of those 18 , how many doctorates are employed by the accounting department ? Can you tell me where their offices are ? Can you tell me the extension for the professor in office KLR229D , please ?
Yes , hi , I 'd like to know how many professors are in the history department ? Do both of them have doctorates ? How many departments are there total ? Is English one of them ? Do any of the English professors have a PhD ? Can you tell me where the history Doctorate 's office is ? What is the total number professors with doctorates employed by the 11 departments ? Of those 18 , how many doctorates are employed by the accounting department ? Can you tell me where their offices are ? Can you tell me the extension for the professor in office KLR229D , please ? Find the number of professors with a Ph.D. degree in each department.
let me know the name of the youngest captain
let me know the name of the youngest captain How young is he ?
let me know the name of the youngest captain How young is he ? Now who is the oldest captain ?
let me know the name of the youngest captain How young is he ? Now who is the oldest captain ? What is the name of the youngest captain?
How many female students ( sex is F ) live in BAL
How many female students ( sex is F ) live in BAL What are their last names ?
How many female students ( sex is F ) live in BAL What are their last names ? Can you also show me the last names of any male students ( sex is M ) who are below the age of 20 ?
How many female students ( sex is F ) live in BAL What are their last names ? Can you also show me the last names of any male students ( sex is M ) who are below the age of 20 ? Find the last name of students who is either female (sex is F) and living in the city of code BAL or male (sex is M) and in age of below 20.
how many acceptance are presented on the table
how many acceptance are presented on the table what is highest score of submission
how many acceptance are presented on the table what is highest score of submission list out the authors
how many acceptance are presented on the table what is highest score of submission list out the authors what is the college of Steve Niehaus
how many acceptance are presented on the table what is highest score of submission list out the authors what is the college of Steve Niehaus list the authors who do not have submission to any workshop
how many acceptance are presented on the table what is highest score of submission list out the authors what is the college of Steve Niehaus list the authors who do not have submission to any workshop List the authors who do not have submission to any workshop.
What is the highest age of the the Artists from the United States ?
What is the highest age of the the Artists from the United States ? How many artists from the USA joined after 1993 ?
What is the highest age of the the Artists from the United States ? How many artists from the USA joined after 1993 ? When did Vijay Singh join ?
What is the highest age of the the Artists from the United States ? How many artists from the USA joined after 1993 ? When did Vijay Singh join ? What is the average and minimum age of all artists from United States.
what is the average of grades ?
what is the average of grades ? can you show me a list of teacchers first name ?
what is the average of grades ? can you show me a list of teacchers first name ? can you show me a list of teachers first name that starting with 'M ' ?
what is the average of grades ? can you show me a list of teacchers first name ? can you show me a list of teachers first name that starting with 'M ' ? find all first-grade students who are not taught by otha moyer . | Do you mean First or Last names ? | first
what is the average of grades ? can you show me a list of teacchers first name ? can you show me a list of teachers first name that starting with 'M ' ? find all first-grade students who are not taught by otha moyer . | Do you mean First or Last names ? | first Find all first-grade students who are NOT taught by OTHA MOYER. Report their first and last names.
Show the average ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ?
Show the average ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show minimum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ?
Show the average ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show minimum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ?
Show the average ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show minimum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show average ticket price for exhibitions for year 2005 ?
Show the average ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show minimum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show average ticket price for exhibitions for year 2005 ? Show average ticket price for exhibitions for all years before 2006 ?
Show the average ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show minimum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009 ? Show average ticket price for exhibitions for year 2005 ? Show average ticket price for exhibitions for all years before 2006 ? Show the average, minimum, and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009.
How many photos use Olympus camera lenses ?
How many photos use Olympus camera lenses ? What are their names ? | Do you mean the photos name | Yes
How many photos use Olympus camera lenses ? What are their names ? | Do you mean the photos name | Yes What are the names of the photos that use a Sigma lens ?
How many photos use Olympus camera lenses ? What are their names ? | Do you mean the photos name | Yes What are the names of the photos that use a Sigma lens ? How many photos use a Sigma lens ?
How many photos use Olympus camera lenses ? What are their names ? | Do you mean the photos name | Yes What are the names of the photos that use a Sigma lens ? How many photos use a Sigma lens ? What are their photo names ?
How many photos use Olympus camera lenses ? What are their names ? | Do you mean the photos name | Yes What are the names of the photos that use a Sigma lens ? How many photos use a Sigma lens ? What are their photo names ? What are the names of photos taken with the lens brand 'Sigma' or 'Olympus'?
how many parties are on the table ?
how many parties are on the table ? how many of the parties are popular ? | What do you mean by popular ? | how many parties have the most popular party form ?
how many parties are on the table ? how many of the parties are popular ? | What do you mean by popular ? | how many parties have the most popular party form ? can i have their emails ?
how many parties are on the table ? how many of the parties are popular ? | What do you mean by popular ? | how many parties have the most popular party form ? can i have their emails ? Find the emails of parties with the most popular party form.
how many departments are there
how many departments are there what is the jobe title code of department id 5
how many departments are there what is the jobe title code of department id 5 how many persons in department manger
how many departments are there what is the jobe title code of department id 5 how many persons in department manger Return the name and gender of the staff who was assigned in 2016.
How many races has there been ?
How many races has there been ? When was the oldest one ? | Did you mean the date | Yes
How many races has there been ? When was the oldest one ? | Did you mean the date | Yes How about the most recent one ? | Did you just want to know the recent date ? | Yes
How many races has there been ? When was the oldest one ? | Did you mean the date | Yes How about the most recent one ? | Did you just want to know the recent date ? | Yes Actually , can you also give me the name of that race ?
How many races has there been ? When was the oldest one ? | Did you mean the date | Yes How about the most recent one ? | Did you just want to know the recent date ? | Yes Actually , can you also give me the name of that race ? What is the name of the race held most recently?
What is the name of candidate id 111 ?
What is the name of candidate id 111 ? What is the email address of login id zops ?
What is the name of candidate id 111 ? What is the email address of login id zops ? What is the assessment date of candidate id 121 ?
What is the name of candidate id 111 ? What is the email address of login id zops ? What is the assessment date of candidate id 121 ? Find the cell mobile number of the candidates whose assessment code is "Fail"?
Hi - can you please list the names of perpetrators in all countries except for China ?
Hi - can you please list the names of perpetrators in all countries except for China ? Great - I forgot to ask , can you please show which countries each of the listed perpetrators are associated with ?
Hi - can you please list the names of perpetrators in all countries except for China ? Great - I forgot to ask , can you please show which countries each of the listed perpetrators are associated with ? Fantastic - what was the total number of perpetrators in China ?
Hi - can you please list the names of perpetrators in all countries except for China ? Great - I forgot to ask , can you please show which countries each of the listed perpetrators are associated with ? Fantastic - what was the total number of perpetrators in China ? What are the names of perpetrators whose country is not "China"?
find the rank , company names , market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion .
find the rank , company names , market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion . Which company has the biggest market value in billion ?
find the rank , company names , market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion . Which company has the biggest market value in billion ? what is BP 's market value ?
find the rank , company names , market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion . Which company has the biggest market value in billion ? what is BP 's market value ? find the rank, company names, market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion.
Can you show me the total number of problem logs ?
Can you show me the total number of problem logs ? When was the oldest one created ?
Can you show me the total number of problem logs ? When was the oldest one created ? How about the most recent one ?
Can you show me the total number of problem logs ? When was the oldest one created ? How about the most recent one ? What is its id ?
Can you show me the total number of problem logs ? When was the oldest one created ? How about the most recent one ? What is its id ? What is the id of the problem log that is created most recently?
Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments .
Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments . How many credits is Care and Feeding of Cats ?
Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments . How many credits is Care and Feeding of Cats ? What is the course id of that ?
Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments . How many credits is Care and Feeding of Cats ? What is the course id of that ? Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments.
What are all the residences ?
What are all the residences ? How many people live at each of them ?
What are all the residences ? How many people live at each of them ? Now remove the residences with less than 2 people
What are all the residences ? How many people live at each of them ? Now remove the residences with less than 2 people OK , now list all the people who live in Winnipeg and their gender .
What are all the residences ? How many people live at each of them ? Now remove the residences with less than 2 people OK , now list all the people who live in Winnipeg and their gender . Show the residences that have both a player of gender "M" and a player of gender "F".
How many devices are in stock at Dinas Device ?
How many devices are in stock at Dinas Device ? How many devices are at Best Buy ?
How many devices are in stock at Dinas Device ? How many devices are at Best Buy ? Show me the name of the shop that has the most devices in stock ?
How many devices are in stock at Dinas Device ? How many devices are at Best Buy ? Show me the name of the shop that has the most devices in stock ? Where are they located ?
How many devices are in stock at Dinas Device ? How many devices are at Best Buy ? Show me the name of the shop that has the most devices in stock ? Where are they located ? Show the name of the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock.
Can you please tell me who the friends of Alice 's friends are ?
Can you please tell me who the friends of Alice 's friends are ? What city does Zach live in ?
Can you please tell me who the friends of Alice 's friends are ? What city does Zach live in ? What are the names of everyone else who lives in Austin ?
Can you please tell me who the friends of Alice 's friends are ? What city does Zach live in ? What are the names of everyone else who lives in Austin ? Who are Zach 's friends ?
Can you please tell me who the friends of Alice 's friends are ? What city does Zach live in ? What are the names of everyone else who lives in Austin ? Who are Zach 's friends ? What are their jobs ?
Can you please tell me who the friends of Alice 's friends are ? What city does Zach live in ? What are the names of everyone else who lives in Austin ? Who are Zach 's friends ? What are their jobs ? Find Alice's friends of friends.
Show me the name of players ?
Show me the name of players ? Show me the name of person who received salary from team Washington nationals ?
Show me the name of players ? Show me the name of person who received salary from team Washington nationals ? Show me the names of players who received salary in both 2005 and 2007 ?
Show me the name of players ? Show me the name of person who received salary from team Washington nationals ? Show me the names of players who received salary in both 2005 and 2007 ? List players' first name and last name who received salary from team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007.
How many people are from Austin ?
How many people are from Austin ? How many friends do Alice and Bob have combined ?
How many people are from Austin ? How many friends do Alice and Bob have combined ? Okay , so who has a friend in Austin ?
How many people are from Austin ? How many friends do Alice and Bob have combined ? Okay , so who has a friend in Austin ? What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin.
Can you please give me the names of all of the professors sorted in alphabetical order of their first name ? | Do you want to first name of all the professors , or last name or both ? | Both , please
Can you please give me the names of all of the professors sorted in alphabetical order of their first name ? | Do you want to first name of all the professors , or last name or both ? | Both , please Where are their offices , if you do n't mind ?
Can you please give me the names of all of the professors sorted in alphabetical order of their first name ? | Do you want to first name of all the professors , or last name or both ? | Both , please Where are their offices , if you do n't mind ? What are all of their professor high degree ?
Can you please give me the names of all of the professors sorted in alphabetical order of their first name ? | Do you want to first name of all the professors , or last name or both ? | Both , please Where are their offices , if you do n't mind ? What are all of their professor high degree ? Find the first names and offices of all professors sorted by alphabetical order of their first name.
What is the zip code of county id of 2
What is the zip code of county id of 2 how much population of zip code D21 ?
What is the zip code of county id of 2 how much population of zip code D21 ? what is the county name zip code D02 ?
What is the zip code of county id of 2 how much population of zip code D21 ? what is the county name zip code D02 ? what is election id of district 2 ?
What is the zip code of county id of 2 how much population of zip code D21 ? what is the county name zip code D02 ? what is election id of district 2 ? how many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000
What is the zip code of county id of 2 how much population of zip code D21 ? what is the county name zip code D02 ? what is election id of district 2 ? how many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000 How many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000?
Hello ! Can you show me the top 3 school with the largest enrollment ?
Hello ! Can you show me the top 3 school with the largest enrollment ? Can you filter that list to show only the school with the largest enrollment ?
Hello ! Can you show me the top 3 school with the largest enrollment ? Can you filter that list to show only the school with the largest enrollment ? Thank you ! What athletic conference is Rutgers University in ?
Hello ! Can you show me the top 3 school with the largest enrollment ? Can you filter that list to show only the school with the largest enrollment ? Thank you ! What athletic conference is Rutgers University in ? When was the school with the largest enrollment founded?
Which students have allergies ? | Do you want to return their first and last names or other info ? | Just names
Which students have allergies ? | Do you want to return their first and last names or other info ? | Just names How many students do n't have any type of allergy ?
Which students have allergies ? | Do you want to return their first and last names or other info ? | Just names How many students do n't have any type of allergy ? What are their full names ?
Which students have allergies ? | Do you want to return their first and last names or other info ? | Just names How many students do n't have any type of allergy ? What are their full names ? List the first and last name of the students who do not have any food type allergy.
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all of the product part names ?
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all of the product part names ? Can you now show me the list of all part IDs ?
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all of the product part names ? Can you now show me the list of all part IDs ? Thanks ! Can you please list the part id and the corresponding price of the part with the lowest chargeable amount ? | We do n't have price . Do you mean want the part ids and corresponding chargeable amount of the part with the lowest chargeable amount ? | I 'm sorry , yes that is what I meant . The one with the lower chargeable amount !
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all of the product part names ? Can you now show me the list of all part IDs ? Thanks ! Can you please list the part id and the corresponding price of the part with the lowest chargeable amount ? | We do n't have price . Do you mean want the part ids and corresponding chargeable amount of the part with the lowest chargeable amount ? | I 'm sorry , yes that is what I meant . The one with the lower chargeable amount ! Which part has the least chargeable amount? List the part id and amount.
How many people are in New York City ?
How many people are in New York City ? How many friends does Bob have ?
How many people are in New York City ? How many friends does Bob have ? What is Bob 's friend 's name ?
How many people are in New York City ? How many friends does Bob have ? What is Bob 's friend 's name ? Who are the friends of Bob?
what is the weight of ty conklin
what is the weight of ty conklin what is the height of jack campbell
what is the weight of ty conklin what is the height of jack campbell What are the total scores of the body builders whose birthday contains the string "January" ?
How many total domestic passengers were there ?
How many total domestic passengers were there ? What about international passengers ?
How many total domestic passengers were there ? What about international passengers ? Which airport had the most domestic passengers ?
How many total domestic passengers were there ? What about international passengers ? Which airport had the most domestic passengers ? What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word `` London . ''
How many total domestic passengers were there ? What about international passengers ? Which airport had the most domestic passengers ? What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word `` London . '' What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
Find the name of customers who do not have a saving account .
Find the name of customers who do not have a saving account . what other types of accounts are available ?
Find the name of customers who do not have a saving account . what other types of accounts are available ? who has the highest credit score ?
Find the name of customers who do not have a saving account . what other types of accounts are available ? who has the highest credit score ? Find the name of customers who do not have an saving account.
What were the dates of the latest revisions ?
What were the dates of the latest revisions ? Which of these appear more than once ?
What were the dates of the latest revisions ? Which of these appear more than once ? What catalogs were done on these dates ?
What were the dates of the latest revisions ? Which of these appear more than once ? What catalogs were done on these dates ? Great , can you show me the dates these catalogs were revised again ?
What were the dates of the latest revisions ? Which of these appear more than once ? What catalogs were done on these dates ? Great , can you show me the dates these catalogs were revised again ? Can you show me what dates appear more than once again ?
What were the dates of the latest revisions ? Which of these appear more than once ? What catalogs were done on these dates ? Great , can you show me the dates these catalogs were revised again ? Can you show me what dates appear more than once again ? Find the dates on which more than one revisions were made.
what is the average of artist ages ?
what is the average of artist ages ? who is the oldest artist ? | do you want to show his/her name ? | yes
what is the average of artist ages ? who is the oldest artist ? | do you want to show his/her name ? | yes can you show me artist 's countries ? | did you mean the country of the oldest artist or countries of all the artists ? | countries of all the artists
what is the average of artist ages ? who is the oldest artist ? | do you want to show his/her name ? | yes can you show me artist 's countries ? | did you mean the country of the oldest artist or countries of all the artists ? | countries of all the artists How many artists are above age 46 and joined after 1990?
Show the color of Barbera Grape ?
Show the color of Barbera Grape ? Show the grape which scores higher than 90 ?
Show the color of Barbera Grape ? Show the grape which scores higher than 90 ? Show the grape whose white color grapes are used to produce wines ?
Show the color of Barbera Grape ? Show the grape which scores higher than 90 ? Show the grape whose white color grapes are used to produce wines ? Find the the grape whose white color grapes are used to produce wines with scores higher than 90.
how many flights have pilot Thompson flown ?
how many flights have pilot Thompson flown ? What are the names of those airports ?
how many flights have pilot Thompson flown ? What are the names of those airports ? How many airports haven't the pilot 'Thompson' driven an aircraft?
Find the distinct names of all the songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English , please ?
Find the distinct names of all the songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English , please ? What countries are those songs from ?
Find the distinct names of all the songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English , please ? What countries are those songs from ? Can you add the songs ' names and resolutions to the table ?
Find the distinct names of all the songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English , please ? What countries are those songs from ? Can you add the songs ' names and resolutions to the table ? What are the names of the top 3 rated songs ?
Find the distinct names of all the songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English , please ? What countries are those songs from ? Can you add the songs ' names and resolutions to the table ? What are the names of the top 3 rated songs ? Could you add the artists ' names to the table ?
Find the distinct names of all the songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English , please ? What countries are those songs from ? Can you add the songs ' names and resolutions to the table ? What are the names of the top 3 rated songs ? Could you add the artists ' names to the table ? Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English.
I need to know the number of checking accounts for each account name .
I need to know the number of checking accounts for each account name . What is the highest account balance of customers with checking accounts ?
I need to know the number of checking accounts for each account name . What is the highest account balance of customers with checking accounts ? What about the lowest account balance with customers with checking accounts ?
I need to know the number of checking accounts for each account name . What is the highest account balance of customers with checking accounts ? What about the lowest account balance with customers with checking accounts ? Find the number of checking accounts for each account name.
can you show me a list of checking balance ?
can you show me a list of checking balance ? can you show me a list of saving balance ?
can you show me a list of checking balance ? can you show me a list of saving balance ? can you show me a list of ACCOUNTS name ?
can you show me a list of checking balance ? can you show me a list of saving balance ? can you show me a list of ACCOUNTS name ? find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance ?
can you show me a list of checking balance ? can you show me a list of saving balance ? can you show me a list of ACCOUNTS name ? find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance ? Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance.
what is the total balance of customers whose credit score is above 100
what is the total balance of customers whose credit score is above 100 what is the account type ? | Would you like a list of all the account types ? | yes
what is the total balance of customers whose credit score is above 100 what is the account type ? | Would you like a list of all the account types ? | yes what is the credit score for Mary ?
what is the total balance of customers whose credit score is above 100 what is the account type ? | Would you like a list of all the account types ? | yes what is the credit score for Mary ? For each state, find the total account balance of customers whose credit score is above 100.
Hi.Can you show the categories of the music festivals ?
Hi.Can you show the categories of the music festivals ? Ok thank you.Can you please show me the music festivals with counts more than 1 ? | Did you mean to ask for the categories of the music festivals with counts more than 1 ? | Yes .
Hi.Can you show the categories of the music festivals ? Ok thank you.Can you please show me the music festivals with counts more than 1 ? | Did you mean to ask for the categories of the music festivals with counts more than 1 ? | Yes . Please show the categories of the music festivals with count more than 1.
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points .
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points . Show their names .
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points . Show their names . What is the height of Paul Hamm ?
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points . Show their names . What is the height of Paul Hamm ? What is his hometown ?
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points . Show their names . What is the height of Paul Hamm ? What is his hometown ? How many total points does he have ?
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points . Show their names . What is the height of Paul Hamm ? What is his hometown ? How many total points does he have ? How many rings points does he have ?
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points . Show their names . What is the height of Paul Hamm ? What is his hometown ? How many total points does he have ? How many rings points does he have ? Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points.
Which institution type has the largest number of institutions ?
Which institution type has the largest number of institutions ? Which institution type has the smallest number of institutions ?
Which institution type has the largest number of institutions ? Which institution type has the smallest number of institutions ? What is the average number of institutions ? | Average number of institutions over what ? | What is the institution type with the largest number of institutions ?
Which institution type has the largest number of institutions ? Which institution type has the smallest number of institutions ? What is the average number of institutions ? | Average number of institutions over what ? | What is the institution type with the largest number of institutions ? Show the institution type with the largest number of institutions.
how many customers are presented on the table
how many customers are presented on the table list out the customers name
how many customers are presented on the table list out the customers name show all the customer details
how many customers are presented on the table list out the customers name show all the customer details what is the order status of George
how many customers are presented on the table list out the customers name show all the customer details what is the order status of George List the names of the customers who have once bought product "food".
what team pays the lowest average salary ?
what team pays the lowest average salary ? thanks..how about one last one ... what is median salary across all teams ?
what team pays the lowest average salary ? thanks..how about one last one ... what is median salary across all teams ? ok , how many teams are the total in this data range ? | What data range are you referring to ? | Team salaries
what team pays the lowest average salary ? thanks..how about one last one ... what is median salary across all teams ? ok , how many teams are the total in this data range ? | What data range are you referring to ? | Team salaries What are the name and id of the team offering the lowest average salary?
What is the name of the products ?
What is the name of the products ? What is the highest price for the products ?
What is the name of the products ? What is the highest price for the products ? What product has been ordered the greatest number of times ?
What is the name of the products ? What is the highest price for the products ? What product has been ordered the greatest number of times ? What is the price of the dvds ?
What is the name of the products ? What is the highest price for the products ? What product has been ordered the greatest number of times ? What is the price of the dvds ? Find the name and price of the product that has been ordered the greatest number of times.
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon '
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' Sorry , what is the id number of the instructor for psychology ?
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' Sorry , what is the id number of the instructor for psychology ? What is the salary of the instructor with id number 22591 ?
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' Sorry , what is the id number of the instructor for psychology ? What is the salary of the instructor with id number 22591 ? And what about the salary of the instructor with id number 96895 ?
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' Sorry , what is the id number of the instructor for psychology ? What is the salary of the instructor with id number 22591 ? And what about the salary of the instructor with id number 96895 ? Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon'.
Hi ! Which engineer has visited the most times ? | What information about the engineer you want ? | Which engineer id has visited the most ?
Hi ! Which engineer has visited the most times ? | What information about the engineer you want ? | Which engineer id has visited the most ? What is that engineer 's full name , please ?
Hi ! Which engineer has visited the most times ? | What information about the engineer you want ? | Which engineer id has visited the most ? What is that engineer 's full name , please ? What are all of her visit start datetimes and visit end datetimes ?
Hi ! Which engineer has visited the most times ? | What information about the engineer you want ? | Which engineer id has visited the most ? What is that engineer 's full name , please ? What are all of her visit start datetimes and visit end datetimes ? Which engineer has visited the most times? Show the engineer id, first name and last name.
Which state has the most employees ?
Which state has the most employees ? Which state has the least ?
Which state has the most employees ? Which state has the least ? WHich states have no employees ?
Which state has the most employees ? Which state has the least ? WHich states have no employees ? Find the states which do not have any employee in their record.
How many ships are there ?
How many ships are there ? Out of them which ship names have more than one captain ?
How many ships are there ? Out of them which ship names have more than one captain ? How about ship names with only one captain ?
How many ships are there ? Out of them which ship names have more than one captain ? How about ship names with only one captain ? Find the name of the ships that have more than one captain.
How many different courses are there ?
How many different courses are there ? How many departments are there ?
How many different courses are there ? How many departments are there ? What is the course code for the class named Statistics ? | Do you mean the course code for the course whose description is Statistics ? | yes .
How many different courses are there ? How many departments are there ? What is the course code for the class named Statistics ? | Do you mean the course code for the course whose description is Statistics ? | yes . Can you show me a list of all the course descriptions ?
How many different courses are there ? How many departments are there ? What is the course code for the class named Statistics ? | Do you mean the course code for the course whose description is Statistics ? | yes . Can you show me a list of all the course descriptions ? Can you tell me the course code for the class with the Intro . to Statistics description ?
How many different courses are there ? How many departments are there ? What is the course code for the class named Statistics ? | Do you mean the course code for the course whose description is Statistics ? | yes . Can you show me a list of all the course descriptions ? Can you tell me the course code for the class with the Intro . to Statistics description ? What is the name of the department that course is in ? | Do you mean the name of the department which the course named 'Intro . to Statistics ' is in ? | yes .
How many different courses are there ? How many departments are there ? What is the course code for the class named Statistics ? | Do you mean the course code for the course whose description is Statistics ? | yes . Can you show me a list of all the course descriptions ? Can you tell me the course code for the class with the Intro . to Statistics description ? What is the name of the department that course is in ? | Do you mean the name of the department which the course named 'Intro . to Statistics ' is in ? | yes . Find the name of department that offers the class whose description has the word "Statistics".
What are the total number of students in each department ?
What are the total number of students in each department ? And , do you also have information on the total number of instructors in each department ?
What are the total number of students in each department ? And , do you also have information on the total number of instructors in each department ? Do you also have a total enrollment ? | What do you mean by enrollment ? | Total number of students .
What are the total number of students in each department ? And , do you also have information on the total number of instructors in each department ? Do you also have a total enrollment ? | What do you mean by enrollment ? | Total number of students . Do you know the name of the Astronomy instructor ?
What are the total number of students in each department ? And , do you also have information on the total number of instructors in each department ? Do you also have a total enrollment ? | What do you mean by enrollment ? | Total number of students . Do you know the name of the Astronomy instructor ? Lastly , do you have his salary ?
What are the total number of students in each department ? And , do you also have information on the total number of instructors in each department ? Do you also have a total enrollment ? | What do you mean by enrollment ? | Total number of students . Do you know the name of the Astronomy instructor ? Lastly , do you have his salary ? Find the total number of students and total number of instructors for each department.
can you show me a list of cinema names ?
can you show me a list of cinema names ? which one is the opened first ?
can you show me a list of cinema names ? which one is the opened first ? what is the average of capacities ?
can you show me a list of cinema names ? which one is the opened first ? what is the average of capacities ? show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800 .
can you show me a list of cinema names ? which one is the opened first ? what is the average of capacities ? show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800 . Show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800.
Name the branch with least membership amount . ?
Name the branch with least membership amount . ? state the open year of branch id 3 ?
Name the branch with least membership amount . ? state the open year of branch id 3 ? List all open years when at least two shops are opened ?
Name the branch with least membership amount . ? state the open year of branch id 3 ? List all open years when at least two shops are opened ? List all open years when at least two shops are opened.
What cities had the lowest temperature in March ? | what did you want to get ? city ID or city name？ | City name please .
What cities had the lowest temperature in March ? | what did you want to get ? city ID or city name？ | City name please . What was the name of the city whose temperature in March was lower than that in July ?
What cities had the lowest temperature in March ? | what did you want to get ? city ID or city name？ | City name please . What was the name of the city whose temperature in March was lower than that in July ? What was the name of the city whose temperature in March was higher than that in October ?
What cities had the lowest temperature in March ? | what did you want to get ? city ID or city name？ | City name please . What was the name of the city whose temperature in March was lower than that in July ? What was the name of the city whose temperature in March was higher than that in October ? Give me a list of cities whose temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status ?
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status ? What were the complaint outcome code of each of those claims ? | Here are the complaint outcome codes of each of Product Failure type claims . | What is the complaint status code of each of those claims ?
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status ? What were the complaint outcome code of each of those claims ? | Here are the complaint outcome codes of each of Product Failure type claims . | What is the complaint status code of each of those claims ? Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status.
How many investors are there ?
How many investors are there ? How many investors have at least two transactions ?
How many investors are there ? How many investors have at least two transactions ? Show me their Ids .
How many investors are there ? How many investors have at least two transactions ? Show me their Ids . Show the ids of the investors who have at least two transactions.
what are all the marketing regions ?
what are all the marketing regions ? what is the store Rob Dinning 's marketing code ?
what are all the marketing regions ? what is the store Rob Dinning 's marketing code ? what is the name of Rob Dinning 's marketing region ?
what are all the marketing regions ? what is the store Rob Dinning 's marketing code ? what is the name of Rob Dinning 's marketing region ? what can you tell me about Rob Dinning ?
what are all the marketing regions ? what is the store Rob Dinning 's marketing code ? what is the name of Rob Dinning 's marketing region ? what can you tell me about Rob Dinning ? now tell me Rob Dinning 's marketing region ?
what are all the marketing regions ? what is the store Rob Dinning 's marketing code ? what is the name of Rob Dinning 's marketing region ? what can you tell me about Rob Dinning ? now tell me Rob Dinning 's marketing region ? What is the name of the marketing region that the store Rob Dinning belongs to?
show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees ?
show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees ? what is the work type of Kamila Porczyk ?
show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees ? what is the work type of Kamila Porczyk ? how much years old is Anna Powierza ?
show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees ? what is the work type of Kamila Porczyk ? how much years old is Anna Powierza ? what is the work type of Anna Powierza ?
show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees ? what is the work type of Kamila Porczyk ? how much years old is Anna Powierza ? what is the work type of Anna Powierza ? Show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees.
Could you list the catalog publishers in descending order ? | order by what ? | Alphabetical order
Could you list the catalog publishers in descending order ? | order by what ? | Alphabetical order Great ! How many catalogs has each publisher published ?
Could you list the catalog publishers in descending order ? | order by what ? | Alphabetical order Great ! How many catalogs has each publisher published ? Great ! Which publishers have the most published catalogues ?
Could you list the catalog publishers in descending order ? | order by what ? | Alphabetical order Great ! How many catalogs has each publisher published ? Great ! Which publishers have the most published catalogues ? Which catalog publisher has published the most catalogs?
The most common amenity in all dorms is what ?
The most common amenity in all dorms is what ? what 's Roof dorm id ?
The most common amenity in all dorms is what ? what 's Roof dorm id ? what is TV Lounge amenity id ?
The most common amenity in all dorms is what ? what 's Roof dorm id ? what is TV Lounge amenity id ? Find the name of amenity that is most common in all dorms.
What is the first name of faculty partcipating in most activities ?
What is the first name of faculty partcipating in most activities ? What is the last name of faculty partcipating in most activities ?
What is the first name of faculty partcipating in most activities ? What is the last name of faculty partcipating in most activities ? What is the rank of mark ?
What is the first name of faculty partcipating in most activities ? What is the last name of faculty partcipating in most activities ? What is the rank of mark ? What is the first and last name of the faculty participating in the most activities?
what is the enroll grade of 324257
what is the enroll grade of 324257 how many class there
what is the enroll grade of 324257 how many class there how many students there
what is the enroll grade of 324257 how many class there how many students there what is the dept-code of student number 324257
what is the enroll grade of 324257 how many class there how many students there what is the dept-code of student number 324257 What is the first name of the student whose last name starting with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211 class?
What is country of origin of Eduardo Martins ? | The country of the customer Eduardo Martins is Brazil . | Of which company is he a customer of ?
What is country of origin of Eduardo Martins ? | The country of the customer Eduardo Martins is Brazil . | Of which company is he a customer of ? And what is his phone number ?
What is country of origin of Eduardo Martins ? | The country of the customer Eduardo Martins is Brazil . | Of which company is he a customer of ? And what is his phone number ? Eduardo Martins is a customer at which company?
How many students are members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
How many students are members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Please provide the ages of the two members .
How many students are members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Please provide the ages of the two members . What is the average age of the two members of the club Bootup Baltimore ?
How many students are members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Please provide the ages of the two members . What is the average age of the two members of the club Bootup Baltimore ? Could you please tell me who is President of the club Bootup Baltimore . | Do you want the first and last name of him ? | Yes , please provide first and last name of the President of the club Bootup Baltimore .
How many students are members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Please provide the ages of the two members . What is the average age of the two members of the club Bootup Baltimore ? Could you please tell me who is President of the club Bootup Baltimore . | Do you want the first and last name of him ? | Yes , please provide first and last name of the President of the club Bootup Baltimore . Thanks . Could you please tell me the Club Location ?
How many students are members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Please provide the ages of the two members . What is the average age of the two members of the club Bootup Baltimore ? Could you please tell me who is President of the club Bootup Baltimore . | Do you want the first and last name of him ? | Yes , please provide first and last name of the President of the club Bootup Baltimore . Thanks . Could you please tell me the Club Location ? What is the average age of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Which wines are made of Red color grapes ? | Here are the wine names for wine made of Red color grapes . | Out of them which have prices higher than 50 ?
Which wines are made of Red color grapes ? | Here are the wine names for wine made of Red color grapes . | Out of them which have prices higher than 50 ? And where are they located ?
Which wines are made of Red color grapes ? | Here are the wine names for wine made of Red color grapes . | Out of them which have prices higher than 50 ? And where are they located ? What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 and made of Red color grapes?
how many employees there
how many employees there what is the salary of the employee id 101
how many employees there what is the salary of the employee id 101 what is the phone number of 102
how many employees there what is the salary of the employee id 101 what is the phone number of 102 display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees.
what is the capacity of Codling ? | Did you mean the capacity of the cinema with a name of Coding ? | yes
what is the capacity of Codling ? | Did you mean the capacity of the cinema with a name of Coding ? | yes Which is the largest capacity of cinema ?
what is the capacity of Codling ? | Did you mean the capacity of the cinema with a name of Coding ? | yes Which is the largest capacity of cinema ? where is the location of Codling ?
what is the capacity of Codling ? | Did you mean the capacity of the cinema with a name of Coding ? | yes Which is the largest capacity of cinema ? where is the location of Codling ? What are the name and location of the cinema with the largest capacity?
Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method
Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method Which of those customers have more than 2 orders ?
Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method Which of those customers have more than 2 orders ? Show me their customer addresses
Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method Which of those customers have more than 2 orders ? Show me their customer addresses Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method and have more than 2 orders.
what departments are some physicians primarily affiliated with ?
what departments are some physicians primarily affiliated with ? what is the department id for surgery ?
what departments are some physicians primarily affiliated with ? what is the department id for surgery ? List the names of departments where some physicians are primarily affiliated with.
how many customers are there
how many customers are there what is the email id of françois tremblay | ftremblay @ gmail.com is the email of the customer with first and last names françois tremblay . | what is the birth date of Adams Andrew
how many customers are there what is the email id of françois tremblay | ftremblay @ gmail.com is the email of the customer with first and last names françois tremblay . | what is the birth date of Adams Andrew What is the first name and last name employee helps the customer with first name Leonie?
mention the city code of the city that the most students live .
mention the city code of the city that the most students live . What is the city_code of the city that the most students live in?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes please ?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes please ? What are their parties ?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes please ? What are their parties ? What states are they from , please ?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes please ? What are their parties ? What states are they from , please ? What are their vote percents ?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes please ? What are their parties ? What states are they from , please ? What are their vote percents ? What about their dates ?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes please ? What are their parties ? What states are they from , please ? What are their vote percents ? What about their dates ? What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes?
what role does Koby play ?
what role does Koby play ? what is the role code
what role does Koby play ? what is the role code What is the role of the employee named Koby?
hi . can you tell me how many players are from OU College ?
hi . can you tell me how many players are from OU College ? and can you tell me if OU is the college with the largest size ?
hi . can you tell me how many players are from OU College ? and can you tell me if OU is the college with the largest size ? and what is the name of that tryout player from OU ?
hi . can you tell me how many players are from OU College ? and can you tell me if OU is the college with the largest size ? and what is the name of that tryout player from OU ? Find the name of the tryout players who are from the college with largest size.
Tell me the last name , age and first name for the student id 1003 and 1004 ...
Tell me the last name , age and first name for the student id 1003 and 1004 ... Tell me the sex of 1005 and 1004 and their city code ..
Tell me the last name , age and first name for the student id 1003 and 1004 ... Tell me the sex of 1005 and 1004 and their city code .. Tell me total number of Male students and total number of female students ... ..
Tell me the last name , age and first name for the student id 1003 and 1004 ... Tell me the sex of 1005 and 1004 and their city code .. Tell me total number of Male students and total number of female students ... .. Find the last name of female ( Sex as F ) students in the descending order of age .
Tell me the last name , age and first name for the student id 1003 and 1004 ... Tell me the sex of 1005 and 1004 and their city code .. Tell me total number of Male students and total number of female students ... .. Find the last name of female ( Sex as F ) students in the descending order of age . Find the last name of female (sex is F) students in the descending order of age.
Which major has the highest number of students ?
Which major has the highest number of students ? What is the average age of the students in this major ?
Which major has the highest number of students ? What is the average age of the students in this major ? What is the sex of the students in this major ?
Which major has the highest number of students ? What is the average age of the students in this major ? What is the sex of the students in this major ? Which major has most number of students?
How many bridges was built by Frank Lloyd Wright ?
How many bridges was built by Frank Lloyd Wright ? How many bridges was built by Frank Gehry ?
How many bridges was built by Frank Lloyd Wright ? How many bridges was built by Frank Gehry ? Who was the builder of Xian Ren Qiao ( Fairy Bridge ) ?
How many bridges was built by Frank Lloyd Wright ? How many bridges was built by Frank Gehry ? Who was the builder of Xian Ren Qiao ( Fairy Bridge ) ? What is the name of id 2 ?
How many bridges was built by Frank Lloyd Wright ? How many bridges was built by Frank Gehry ? Who was the builder of Xian Ren Qiao ( Fairy Bridge ) ? What is the name of id 2 ? What are the ids and names of the architects who built at least 3 bridges ?
what is the date of first flight ?
what is the date of first flight ? who is the first flight 's pilot ?
what is the date of first flight ? who is the first flight 's pilot ? what is the average of altitude ?
what is the date of first flight ? who is the first flight 's pilot ? what is the average of altitude ? What is the id, name and IATA code of the airport that had most number of flights?
can you show me companies name ?
can you show me companies name ? can you show me Dooley and Sons 's address ?
can you show me companies name ? can you show me Dooley and Sons 's address ? what is the engineer 's first name that starting with 'E ' ?
can you show me companies name ? can you show me Dooley and Sons 's address ? what is the engineer 's first name that starting with 'E ' ? Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers or have at least 2 maintenance contracts? List the company id and name.
Hi ! May i ask how many total games were played ?
Hi ! May i ask how many total games were played ? Okay . How many games were without injuries ?
Hi ! May i ask how many total games were played ? Okay . How many games were without injuries ? How many were with injuries ?
Hi ! May i ask how many total games were played ? Okay . How many games were without injuries ? How many were with injuries ? Okay that 's fine . Do you know the stadium ID for games without injuries ?
Hi ! May i ask how many total games were played ? Okay . How many games were without injuries ? How many were with injuries ? Okay that 's fine . Do you know the stadium ID for games without injuries ? How many games are free of injury accidents?
Please list the headquarters of the store that is called Blackville ?
Please list the headquarters of the store that is called Blackville ? What is the population of that city ?
Please list the headquarters of the store that is called Blackville ? What is the population of that city ? What is the name of the store in the city with the greatest population ?
Please list the headquarters of the store that is called Blackville ? What is the population of that city ? What is the name of the store in the city with the greatest population ? Which city is the headquarter of the store named "Blackville" in?
Show the name of students
Show the name of students How many of them live in city with code NYC and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle
Show the name of students How many of them live in city with code NYC and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle Show the name of this student
Show the name of students How many of them live in city with code NYC and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle Show the name of this student Find the average age of students who live in the city with code "NYC" and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
what is the name of faceid 1082
what is the name of faceid 1082 What is the sex of professor | I am sorry . Which professor are you referring to ? | Rank profeesor
what is the name of faceid 1082 What is the sex of professor | I am sorry . Which professor are you referring to ? | Rank profeesor What is the phone of goodrich
what is the name of faceid 1082 What is the sex of professor | I am sorry . Which professor are you referring to ? | Rank profeesor What is the phone of goodrich what is the last name of mark
what is the name of faceid 1082 What is the sex of professor | I am sorry . Which professor are you referring to ? | Rank profeesor What is the phone of goodrich what is the last name of mark Show the number of male and female assistant professors.
list out the problem logs
list out the problem logs show the problem status code on Middleware
list out the problem logs show the problem status code on Middleware show the other log details
list out the problem logs show the problem status code on Middleware show the other log details What is the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id?
How many airlines do you have ?
How many airlines do you have ? How many routes does each airline have ?
How many airlines do you have ? How many routes does each airline have ? What are the names of the top 10 airlines with the most number of routes ?
How many airlines do you have ? How many routes does each airline have ? What are the names of the top 10 airlines with the most number of routes ? Find the names of the top 10 airlines that operate the most number of routes.
Address of Luís Köhler ? | Is Luís Köhler full name ? | Yes
Address of Luís Köhler ? | Is Luís Köhler full name ? | Yes Provide address of ID 1 ?
Address of Luís Köhler ? | Is Luís Köhler full name ? | Yes Provide address of ID 1 ? Provide email and phone number of Astrid Gruber 's ?
Address of Luís Köhler ? | Is Luís Köhler full name ? | Yes Provide address of ID 1 ? Provide email and phone number of Astrid Gruber 's ? Postal code of ID 3 ?
Address of Luís Köhler ? | Is Luís Köhler full name ? | Yes Provide address of ID 1 ? Provide email and phone number of Astrid Gruber 's ? Postal code of ID 3 ? What is Astrid Gruber's email and phone number?
Find the id of year 1956 ? | do you mean the id of the campus that is opened in 1956 ? | Yes
Find the id of year 1956 ? | do you mean the id of the campus that is opened in 1956 ? | Yes How many TotalEnrollment of Campus California State University-Channel Islands ?
Find the id of year 1956 ? | do you mean the id of the campus that is opened in 1956 ? | Yes How many TotalEnrollment of Campus California State University-Channel Islands ? What are the country of FTE_AY 178 ?
Find the id of year 1956 ? | do you mean the id of the campus that is opened in 1956 ? | Yes How many TotalEnrollment of Campus California State University-Channel Islands ? What are the country of FTE_AY 178 ? What campus had more than 400 total enrollment but more than 200 full time enrollment in year 1956 ?
Find the id of year 1956 ? | do you mean the id of the campus that is opened in 1956 ? | Yes How many TotalEnrollment of Campus California State University-Channel Islands ? What are the country of FTE_AY 178 ? What campus had more than 400 total enrollment but more than 200 full time enrollment in year 1956 ? What campus had more than 400 total enrollment but more than 200 full time enrollment in year 1956?
how many employees are there ?
how many employees are there ? show their names please .
how many employees are there ? show their names please . what is the date of birth of the employee named Ebba ?
how many employees are there ? show their names please . what is the date of birth of the employee named Ebba ? ok , what are her role name and description ?
how many employees are there ? show their names please . what is the date of birth of the employee named Ebba ? ok , what are her role name and description ? What is the role name and role description for employee called Ebba?
How many allergies does the food allergy type have ?
How many allergies does the food allergy type have ? How many allergies does the animal allergy type have ?
How many allergies does the food allergy type have ? How many allergies does the animal allergy type have ? How many allergies does the environmental allergy type have ?
How many allergies does the food allergy type have ? How many allergies does the animal allergy type have ? How many allergies does the environmental allergy type have ? Which allergy type has least number of allergies?
Which users have the most popular role ? | Do you mean the user name of the users who have the most popular role ? | Yes , can you list all the usernames and passwords of the users who have the most popular role ?
Which users have the most popular role ? | Do you mean the user name of the users who have the most popular role ? | Yes , can you list all the usernames and passwords of the users who have the most popular role ? Can you also tell me the role code ?
Which users have the most popular role ? | Do you mean the user name of the users who have the most popular role ? | Yes , can you list all the usernames and passwords of the users who have the most popular role ? Can you also tell me the role code ? How many times has this user logged in ?
Which users have the most popular role ? | Do you mean the user name of the users who have the most popular role ? | Yes , can you list all the usernames and passwords of the users who have the most popular role ? Can you also tell me the role code ? How many times has this user logged in ? List all the username and passwords of users with the most popular role.
Which schools have more than 1 player ?
Which schools have more than 1 player ? Okay , and where are the locations of each school ?
Which schools have more than 1 player ? Okay , and where are the locations of each school ? Show the locations of schools that have more than 1 player.
Who scored more than 20 points ?
Who scored more than 20 points ? And what positions did those players play ?
Who scored more than 20 points ? And what positions did those players play ? What are their names ?
Who scored more than 20 points ? And what positions did those players play ? What are their names ? And who scored the highest points out of them ?
Who scored more than 20 points ? And what positions did those players play ? What are their names ? And who scored the highest points out of them ? List the position of players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20.
Could you please find the number of male ( sex is 'M ' ) students who have some type of food allergy ?
Could you please find the number of male ( sex is 'M ' ) students who have some type of food allergy ? What are their full names and the names of the food allergies they have ?
Could you please find the number of male ( sex is 'M ' ) students who have some type of food allergy ? What are their full names and the names of the food allergies they have ? How many female students are allergic to cats ?
Could you please find the number of male ( sex is 'M ' ) students who have some type of food allergy ? What are their full names and the names of the food allergies they have ? How many female students are allergic to cats ? Find the number of male (sex is 'M') students who have some food type allery.
show the party names and the number of events for party id 2
show the party names and the number of events for party id 2 find the count of the event name took place for the party id 1
show the party names and the number of events for party id 2 find the count of the event name took place for the party id 1 find the took office and region id for the event id 1
show the party names and the number of events for party id 2 find the count of the event name took place for the party id 1 find the took office and region id for the event id 1 Show party names and the number of events for each party.
Which events only have 1 note ?
Which events only have 1 note ? What about events that have 2 or 3 notes as well ? Can you add those to the list .
Which events only have 1 note ? What about events that have 2 or 3 notes as well ? Can you add those to the list . Can you show all the events that have one , two or three notes with their property ids ?
Which events only have 1 note ? What about events that have 2 or 3 notes as well ? Can you add those to the list . Can you show all the events that have one , two or three notes with their property ids ? Which events have the number of notes between one and three? List the event id and the property id.
how many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance ?
how many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance ? what was my savings amount balance ? | Sorry , what is your customer id ? | 1339
how many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance ? what was my savings amount balance ? | Sorry , what is your customer id ? | 1339 How many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance?
hi ! How many transactions have greater than 10 share count ?
hi ! How many transactions have greater than 10 share count ? What are their transaction type descriptions ?
hi ! How many transactions have greater than 10 share count ? What are their transaction type descriptions ? What about their date ?
hi ! How many transactions have greater than 10 share count ? What are their transaction type descriptions ? What about their date ? Show the transaction type descriptions and dates if the share count is smaller than 10.
how many orders does the customer with the most orders have ?
how many orders does the customer with the most orders have ? who has the second most orders ? | Do you want the customer first name or something else ? | something else , that was a typo . What I meant to say was , how many orders does the person with the second most orders have ?
how many orders does the customer with the most orders have ? who has the second most orders ? | Do you want the customer first name or something else ? | something else , that was a typo . What I meant to say was , how many orders does the person with the second most orders have ? when was the customer with the most order 's last order placed ?
how many orders does the customer with the most orders have ? who has the second most orders ? | Do you want the customer first name or something else ? | something else , that was a typo . What I meant to say was , how many orders does the person with the second most orders have ? when was the customer with the most order 's last order placed ? what is that customer 's gender ?
how many orders does the customer with the most orders have ? who has the second most orders ? | Do you want the customer first name or something else ? | something else , that was a typo . What I meant to say was , how many orders does the person with the second most orders have ? when was the customer with the most order 's last order placed ? what is that customer 's gender ? What is the customer last name, id and phone number with most number of orders?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages ?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages ? * I have left the chat *
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages ? * I have left the chat * What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by country ?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages ? * I have left the chat * What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by country ? What are the the file size and fomats of songs grouped and ordered by country for each file ?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages ? * I have left the chat * What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by country ? What are the the file size and fomats of songs grouped and ordered by country for each file ? What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages?
What is the largest weight that appears in the people table ?
What is the largest weight that appears in the people table ? Can you add the people id associated with that weight into the table ?
What is the largest weight that appears in the people table ? Can you add the people id associated with that weight into the table ? Can you also add the name associated with that people id into the table ?
What is the largest weight that appears in the people table ? Can you add the people id associated with that weight into the table ? Can you also add the name associated with that people id into the table ? What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight?
How many customer ids are on the list ?
How many customer ids are on the list ? Find the details of customers which contain `` Diana '' ?
How many customer ids are on the list ? Find the details of customers which contain `` Diana '' ? State the customer details of customer id 263 ?
How many customer ids are on the list ? Find the details of customers which contain `` Diana '' ? State the customer details of customer id 263 ? Find the names of customers whose name contains "Diana".
How many professors are there ?
How many professors are there ? which department has the most professors ?
How many professors are there ? which department has the most professors ? What about the smallest ?
How many professors are there ? which department has the most professors ? What about the smallest ? What is the name of department where has the smallest number of professors?
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 Please find the ids and names of members with black membership card .
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 Please find the ids and names of members with black membership card . Hmmm . Can you also show me the ids and names of members who are over age 30 ?
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 Please find the ids and names of members with black membership card . Hmmm . Can you also show me the ids and names of members who are over age 30 ? How many of these members have a black membership card ?
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 Please find the ids and names of members with black membership card . Hmmm . Can you also show me the ids and names of members who are over age 30 ? How many of these members have a black membership card ? Can you please show me their names ?
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 Please find the ids and names of members with black membership card . Hmmm . Can you also show me the ids and names of members who are over age 30 ? How many of these members have a black membership card ? Can you please show me their names ? Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 or with black membership card.
how many district there
how many district there what is the city area of Bahawalnagar District
how many district there what is the city area of Bahawalnagar District what is the City Population of Attock District
how many district there what is the city area of Bahawalnagar District what is the City Population of Attock District Which district has the largest population?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the coupon IDs and coupon amounts ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the coupon IDs and coupon amounts ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show just the rows the coupons and coupon amounts that are associated with both values of good and bad in the `` good or bad customer '' category .
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the coupon IDs and coupon amounts ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show just the rows the coupons and coupon amounts that are associated with both values of good and bad in the `` good or bad customer '' category . Awesome ! Can you tell me what the date issued is for each of these two coupon_ids ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the coupon IDs and coupon amounts ? Great ! Can you filter this list to show just the rows the coupons and coupon amounts that are associated with both values of good and bad in the `` good or bad customer '' category . Awesome ! Can you tell me what the date issued is for each of these two coupon_ids ? What are the coupon amount of the coupons owned by both good and bad customers?
What is the highest balance ?
What is the highest balance ? How about the lowest ?
What is the highest balance ? How about the lowest ? List all the people with accounts
What is the highest balance ? How about the lowest ? List all the people with accounts And how much money does each one have saved ?
What is the highest balance ? How about the lowest ? List all the people with accounts And how much money does each one have saved ? Find the total saving balance for each account name.
Show all faculty ids
Show all faculty ids faculty Ids who have at least 2 students
Show all faculty ids faculty Ids who have at least 2 students now what are their major | Do you mean the major of the students whose faculty have at least 2 students ? | yes
Show all faculty ids faculty Ids who have at least 2 students now what are their major | Do you mean the major of the students whose faculty have at least 2 students ? | yes Show the ids for all the faculty members who have at least 2 students.
what is the average number of days | did you mean the average days held by all wrestlers ? | yes
what is the average number of days | did you mean the average days held by all wrestlers ? | yes what is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held
what is the average number of days | did you mean the average days held by all wrestlers ? | yes what is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held what is the name of the first wrestler id | did you mean the name of the wrestler with id 1 ? | first wrestler
what is the average number of days | did you mean the average days held by all wrestlers ? | yes what is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held what is the name of the first wrestler id | did you mean the name of the wrestler with id 1 ? | first wrestler What is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held?
In which city are the most customers living in ?
In which city are the most customers living in ? What about the city with least customers ?
In which city are the most customers living in ? What about the city with least customers ? And in which state is it located ?
In which city are the most customers living in ? What about the city with least customers ? And in which state is it located ? Which city has the most customers living in?
What are the names of all of the instructors who are advisors ?
What are the names of all of the instructors who are advisors ? Could you narrow it down to just the names of instructors who are advisors to students from the Math department ?
What are the names of all of the instructors who are advisors ? Could you narrow it down to just the names of instructors who are advisors to students from the Math department ? What are all of their salaries ?
What are the names of all of the instructors who are advisors ? Could you narrow it down to just the names of instructors who are advisors to students from the Math department ? What are all of their salaries ? What are the names and salaries of the instructors who are advisors to students from the History department ?
What are the names of all of the instructors who are advisors ? Could you narrow it down to just the names of instructors who are advisors to students from the Math department ? What are all of their salaries ? What are the names and salaries of the instructors who are advisors to students from the History department ? Find the name and salary of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department.
can you show a list of customer address ?
can you show a list of customer address ? can you show a list of order date ?
can you show a list of customer address ? can you show a list of order date ? can you show a list of customer phone ?
can you show a list of customer address ? can you show a list of order date ? can you show a list of customer phone ? Return the distinct name of customers whose order status is Pending, in the order of customer id.
Could you tell me the name of the customer that made the order that had the largest quantity of items in it ?
Could you tell me the name of the customer that made the order that had the largest quantity of items in it ? What dates did they become customers ?
Could you tell me the name of the customer that made the order that had the largest quantity of items in it ? What dates did they become customers ? Can you list the names of all customers who cancelled at least one order as well as the order dates of those cancelled orders ?
Could you tell me the name of the customer that made the order that had the largest quantity of items in it ? What dates did they become customers ? Can you list the names of all customers who cancelled at least one order as well as the order dates of those cancelled orders ? What are the order quantities and dates for all orders that were paid for with cash ?
Could you tell me the name of the customer that made the order that had the largest quantity of items in it ? What dates did they become customers ? Can you list the names of all customers who cancelled at least one order as well as the order dates of those cancelled orders ? What are the order quantities and dates for all orders that were paid for with cash ? What is the name of the customer that made the order with the largest quantity?
where is the location of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ?
where is the location of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show the first name of the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises ''
where is the location of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show the first name of the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' Who is the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? show the first name and the last name .
where is the location of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show the first name of the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' Who is the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? show the first name and the last name . Who is the "CTO" of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the first name and last name.
How many tweets are on the topic intern
How many tweets are on the topic intern which tweet has the newest creation date ?
How many tweets are on the topic intern which tweet has the newest creation date ? what about the oldest tweet ?
How many tweets are on the topic intern which tweet has the newest creation date ? what about the oldest tweet ? Return the text of tweets about the topic 'intern'.
Everything , please . I can see it in the table there . It 's correct . Can you order it by salary in descending order ? | Do you mean the employees who have the letters D or S in their first names ? | In their first name , yes . Sorry . I misunderstood .
Everything , please . I can see it in the table there . It 's correct . Can you order it by salary in descending order ? | Do you mean the employees who have the letters D or S in their first names ? | In their first name , yes . Sorry . I misunderstood . Can you organize the list by salary in descending order ?
Everything , please . I can see it in the table there . It 's correct . Can you order it by salary in descending order ? | Do you mean the employees who have the letters D or S in their first names ? | In their first name , yes . Sorry . I misunderstood . Can you organize the list by salary in descending order ? Can you list the first and last names of employees who were hired after 1987 ?
Everything , please . I can see it in the table there . It 's correct . Can you order it by salary in descending order ? | Do you mean the employees who have the letters D or S in their first names ? | In their first name , yes . Sorry . I misunderstood . Can you organize the list by salary in descending order ? Can you list the first and last names of employees who were hired after 1987 ? What are their salaries ? Please order the table in ascending order by salary ,
Everything , please . I can see it in the table there . It 's correct . Can you order it by salary in descending order ? | Do you mean the employees who have the letters D or S in their first names ? | In their first name , yes . Sorry . I misunderstood . Can you organize the list by salary in descending order ? Can you list the first and last names of employees who were hired after 1987 ? What are their salaries ? Please order the table in ascending order by salary , display all the information for all employees who have the letters D or S in their first name and also arrange the result in descending order by salary.
Can you show me how many rooms are there in total ?
Can you show me how many rooms are there in total ? How about the total number of block codes ?
Can you show me how many rooms are there in total ? How about the total number of block codes ? Can you list them by the number of rooms in decending order ? | Do you mean roomnumber ? | Yes
Can you show me how many rooms are there in total ? How about the total number of block codes ? Can you list them by the number of rooms in decending order ? | Do you mean roomnumber ? | Yes Find the number of rooms for different block code?
What are the bed type of room id RND ?
What are the bed type of room id RND ? What type of decor in room name Abscond or bolster ?
What are the bed type of room id RND ? What type of decor in room name Abscond or bolster ? Find the max occupancy of bed type Queen ? | Here are the max occupancies of rooms with bed type Queen . | Find the average and minimum price of the rooms in different decor .
What are the bed type of room id RND ? What type of decor in room name Abscond or bolster ? Find the max occupancy of bed type Queen ? | Here are the max occupancies of rooms with bed type Queen . | Find the average and minimum price of the rooms in different decor . Find the average and minimum price of the rooms in different decor.
How many events are there ?
How many events are there ? How many of them had participants whose details had substring `` Dr '' ?
How many events are there ? How many of them had participants whose details had substring `` Dr '' ? What is his name ?
How many events are there ? How many of them had participants whose details had substring `` Dr '' ? What is his name ? How many events had participants whose details had the substring 'Dr.'
Hello ! Can you list the dorm names of the various different dorms ?
Hello ! Can you list the dorm names of the various different dorms ? Thanks ! Can you show me the average age of the students living in each of these dorms ?
Hello ! Can you list the dorm names of the various different dorms ? Thanks ! Can you show me the average age of the students living in each of these dorms ? Thanks ! Now can you add to that list the student capacity of each of those dormitories ?
Hello ! Can you list the dorm names of the various different dorms ? Thanks ! Can you show me the average age of the students living in each of these dorms ? Thanks ! Now can you add to that list the student capacity of each of those dormitories ? Find the average age of students living in each dorm and the name of dorm.
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different document names and the associated access count for each of them ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different document names and the associated access count for each of them ? Wonderful ! Can you show me the associated structure code for each of those document names ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different document names and the associated access count for each of them ? Wonderful ! Can you show me the associated structure code for each of those document names ? Can you filter that list to show the document name and document structure code with the fewest document structure code entries , or in other words , the least popular structure ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different document names and the associated access count for each of them ? Wonderful ! Can you show me the associated structure code for each of those document names ? Can you filter that list to show the document name and document structure code with the fewest document structure code entries , or in other words , the least popular structure ? Very nice ! Finally , could you update this list to show the average access count for these two documents ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different document names and the associated access count for each of them ? Wonderful ! Can you show me the associated structure code for each of those document names ? Can you filter that list to show the document name and document structure code with the fewest document structure code entries , or in other words , the least popular structure ? Very nice ! Finally , could you update this list to show the average access count for these two documents ? Find the average access count of documents with the least popular structure.
What is the date the customer with first name Carole and last Name Bernhard become a customer ?
What is the date the customer with first name Carole and last Name Bernhard become a customer ? What is the amount outstanding for this customer ?
What is the date the customer with first name Carole and last Name Bernhard become a customer ? What is the amount outstanding for this customer ? What is the customer status code for this customer ?
What is the date the customer with first name Carole and last Name Bernhard become a customer ? What is the amount outstanding for this customer ? What is the customer status code for this customer ? What is the date the customer with last name Bernhard become a customer ?
What is the date the customer with first name Carole and last Name Bernhard become a customer ? What is the amount outstanding for this customer ? What is the customer status code for this customer ? What is the date the customer with last name Bernhard become a customer ? When did customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard became a customer?
Find the movie id of Gone with the Wind ?
Find the movie id of Gone with the Wind ? Which year Star Wars movie is released ?
Find the movie id of Gone with the Wind ? Which year Star Wars movie is released ? Who is directed by The Sound of Music ?
Find the movie id of Gone with the Wind ? Which year Star Wars movie is released ? Who is directed by The Sound of Music ? What is the name of the movie produced after 2000 and directed by James Cameron ?
Find the movie id of Gone with the Wind ? Which year Star Wars movie is released ? Who is directed by The Sound of Music ? What is the name of the movie produced after 2000 and directed by James Cameron ? What is the name of the movie produced after 2000 and directed by James Cameron?
How many login names are there ? | Did you mean the login names for all students ? | How many login names are there for the students ?
How many login names are there ? | Did you mean the login names for all students ? | How many login names are there for the students ? What login name is the same for students and course authors ?
How many login names are there ? | Did you mean the login names for all students ? | How many login names are there for the students ? What login name is the same for students and course authors ? Find the common login name of course authors and students.
how many projects has stuff worked as leaders total ?
how many projects has stuff worked as leaders total ? How about the number of projects they worked before 1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' ? | The total number of distinct projects that have some project staffs worked as a leader and worked before 1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' is 2 | What are other detail about those projects ?
how many projects has stuff worked as leaders total ? How about the number of projects they worked before 1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' ? | The total number of distinct projects that have some project staffs worked as a leader and worked before 1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' is 2 | What are other detail about those projects ? How many project staff worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
Hi , what are some tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | do you want the name of the tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | Yes please .
Hi , what are some tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | do you want the name of the tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | Yes please . When did they visit parking ?
Hi , what are some tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | do you want the name of the tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | Yes please . When did they visit parking ? How did they get to parking ?
Hi , what are some tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | do you want the name of the tourist attractions that tourist visit ? | Yes please . When did they visit parking ? How did they get to parking ? What are the names of the tourist attractions Vincent and Marcelle visit?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all investor names ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all investor names ? Can you filter this list to include only the investors that were associated with more than one entrepreneur id ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all investor names ? Can you filter this list to include only the investors that were associated with more than one entrepreneur id ? Can you filter this list to show only the rows associated with money requested that are not between 120000 and 140000 ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all investor names ? Can you filter this list to include only the investors that were associated with more than one entrepreneur id ? Can you filter this list to show only the rows associated with money requested that are not between 120000 and 140000 ? Show the investors shared by entrepreneurs that requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs that requested less than 120000.
how many artist_name in the song table
how many artist_name in the song table ok i want to highest rating in the song table
how many artist_name in the song table ok i want to highest rating in the song table how many song_name in the song table
how many artist_name in the song table ok i want to highest rating in the song table how many song_name in the song table i want to highest resolution in the song table
how many artist_name in the song table ok i want to highest rating in the song table how many song_name in the song table i want to highest resolution in the song table List the id, genre and artist name of English songs ordered by rating.
Show the journalists with more than 10 years of working .
Show the journalists with more than 10 years of working . Show the name of journalists with more than 10 years of working and less than 3 years of working .
Show the journalists with more than 10 years of working . Show the name of journalists with more than 10 years of working and less than 3 years of working . List the nations that have journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working .
Show the journalists with more than 10 years of working . Show the name of journalists with more than 10 years of working and less than 3 years of working . List the nations that have journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working . What is the average years of working for journalists from England .
Show the journalists with more than 10 years of working . Show the name of journalists with more than 10 years of working and less than 3 years of working . List the nations that have journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working . What is the average years of working for journalists from England . List the names of all journalists from England .
Show the journalists with more than 10 years of working . Show the name of journalists with more than 10 years of working and less than 3 years of working . List the nations that have journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working . What is the average years of working for journalists from England . List the names of all journalists from England . What is the average age for all journalists from England .
Show the journalists with more than 10 years of working . Show the name of journalists with more than 10 years of working and less than 3 years of working . List the nations that have journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working . What is the average years of working for journalists from England . List the names of all journalists from England . What is the average age for all journalists from England . Show the nations that have both journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working.
What are the attribute data types that possessed more than 3 attribute definitions ?
What are the attribute data types that possessed more than 3 attribute definitions ? What is bool 's attribute name ? | Do you mean the attribute names for attributes whose attribute data type is bool ? | Yes please
What are the attribute data types that possessed more than 3 attribute definitions ? What is bool 's attribute name ? | Do you mean the attribute names for attributes whose attribute data type is bool ? | Yes please What is the attribute ID for attributes whose data type is bool ?
What are the attribute data types that possessed more than 3 attribute definitions ? What is bool 's attribute name ? | Do you mean the attribute names for attributes whose attribute data type is bool ? | Yes please What is the attribute ID for attributes whose data type is bool ? Find the list of attribute data types possessed by more than 3 attribute definitions.
What dates are these apartments booked for ?
What dates are these apartments booked for ? How many of these apartments have 3 bedrooms ?
What dates are these apartments booked for ? How many of these apartments have 3 bedrooms ? How many bathrooms are in each of these apartments ?
What dates are these apartments booked for ? How many of these apartments have 3 bedrooms ? How many bathrooms are in each of these apartments ? Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez
Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez list the other directors against the movies they directed .
Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez list the other directors against the movies they directed . what is the general ratings for those movies ?
Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez list the other directors against the movies they directed . what is the general ratings for those movies ? Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez.
Can you show me the names and total checking and savings account balances ?
Can you show me the names and total checking and savings account balances ? I want to know the average savings balance of all accounts .
Can you show me the names and total checking and savings account balances ? I want to know the average savings balance of all accounts . Hmm , can you list the names of customers whose savings account balances are higher than the average savings balance ?
Can you show me the names and total checking and savings account balances ? I want to know the average savings balance of all accounts . Hmm , can you list the names of customers whose savings account balances are higher than the average savings balance ? Find the names and total checking and savings balances of accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
what is the Id of the browser that is compatible with most web accelerators ?
what is the Id of the browser that is compatible with most web accelerators ? What is the name of browser with id 1 ?
what is the Id of the browser that is compatible with most web accelerators ? What is the name of browser with id 1 ? What is the name of the browser with the second largest market share ?
what is the Id of the browser that is compatible with most web accelerators ? What is the name of browser with id 1 ? What is the name of the browser with the second largest market share ? * I have left the chat *
what is the Id of the browser that is compatible with most web accelerators ? What is the name of browser with id 1 ? What is the name of the browser with the second largest market share ? * I have left the chat * What is the id and name of the browser that is compatible with the most web accelerators?
What attraction type do most tourist attractions belong to ? | Did you want to know the attraction type that most tourist attractions belong to ? code or description ? | Yes , can you give me the codes please ?
What attraction type do most tourist attractions belong to ? | Did you want to know the attraction type that most tourist attractions belong to ? code or description ? | Yes , can you give me the codes please ? What is its description ? | Did you also want to konw the description the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to ? | yes
What attraction type do most tourist attractions belong to ? | Did you want to know the attraction type that most tourist attractions belong to ? code or description ? | Yes , can you give me the codes please ? What is its description ? | Did you also want to konw the description the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to ? | yes List the names of the attractions which belong to gallery type | Did you mean all the names ? | yes
What attraction type do most tourist attractions belong to ? | Did you want to know the attraction type that most tourist attractions belong to ? code or description ? | Yes , can you give me the codes please ? What is its description ? | Did you also want to konw the description the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to ? | yes List the names of the attractions which belong to gallery type | Did you mean all the names ? | yes How many gallery type attractions are there ? | Can you give more info about this ? | How many attractions belong to gallery type ?
What attraction type do most tourist attractions belong to ? | Did you want to know the attraction type that most tourist attractions belong to ? code or description ? | Yes , can you give me the codes please ? What is its description ? | Did you also want to konw the description the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to ? | yes List the names of the attractions which belong to gallery type | Did you mean all the names ? | yes How many gallery type attractions are there ? | Can you give more info about this ? | How many attractions belong to gallery type ? What are the opening hours of the haunted mansion ?
What attraction type do most tourist attractions belong to ? | Did you want to know the attraction type that most tourist attractions belong to ? code or description ? | Yes , can you give me the codes please ? What is its description ? | Did you also want to konw the description the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to ? | yes List the names of the attractions which belong to gallery type | Did you mean all the names ? | yes How many gallery type attractions are there ? | Can you give more info about this ? | How many attractions belong to gallery type ? What are the opening hours of the haunted mansion ? Show the description and code of the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to.
What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ?
What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ? Please show me the list of the department
What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ? Please show me the list of the department Who make the highest salary on the department ?
What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90 ? Please show me the list of the department Who make the highest salary on the department ? What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2009 ?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2009 ? How many cities in this table ?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2009 ? How many cities in this table ? Find average GDP of this table ?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2009 ? How many cities in this table ? Find average GDP of this table ? Most GDP in this table ? | Do you mean the max GDP | Yes .
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2009 ? How many cities in this table ? Find average GDP of this table ? Most GDP in this table ? | Do you mean the max GDP | Yes . Find the cities which were once a host city after 2010?
What are the names of the students who live in the city with code HKG ? | Do you mean the full name | Yes please
What are the names of the students who live in the city with code HKG ? | Do you mean the full name | Yes please Who are not living in that city with code HKG ?
What are the names of the students who live in the city with code HKG ? | Do you mean the full name | Yes please Who are not living in that city with code HKG ? What is the average age of those who do n't live in that city ?
What are the names of the students who live in the city with code HKG ? | Do you mean the full name | Yes please Who are not living in that city with code HKG ? What is the average age of those who do n't live in that city ? List the first and last name of students who are not living in the city with code HKG, and sorted the results by their ages.
How many products in this table ?
How many products in this table ? How many Product events in this table ?
How many products in this table ? How many Product events in this table ? Show the names of products that are in at least 3 events ?
How many products in this table ? How many Product events in this table ? Show the names of products that are in at least 3 events ? Find the top price ?
How many products in this table ? How many Product events in this table ? Show the names of products that are in at least 3 events ? Find the top price ? find average of the price ?
How many products in this table ? How many Product events in this table ? Show the names of products that are in at least 3 events ? Find the top price ? find average of the price ? Show the names of products that are in at least two events.
Please show me the information of all students who are under 25 years old
Please show me the information of all students who are under 25 years old and of those , please now just show the female students
Please show me the information of all students who are under 25 years old and of those , please now just show the female students Please return a count of how many there are left | I do n't understand . Do you mean the count of students not in the previous result ? | Only those in the previous results
Please show me the information of all students who are under 25 years old and of those , please now just show the female students Please return a count of how many there are left | I do n't understand . Do you mean the count of students not in the previous result ? | Only those in the previous results How many female students (sex is F) whose age is below 25?
What is the card type with the most number of cards ?
What is the card type with the most number of cards ? And the one with the least number of cards ?
What is the card type with the most number of cards ? And the one with the least number of cards ? How many cards are credit cards ?
What is the card type with the most number of cards ? And the one with the least number of cards ? How many cards are credit cards ? How many customers have credit cards ?
What is the card type with the most number of cards ? And the one with the least number of cards ? How many cards are credit cards ? How many customers have credit cards ? What is the card type code with most number of cards?
What is the staff ID of the staff with the first name Christop ?
What is the staff ID of the staff with the first name Christop ? How many problems have been reported under staff ID 10 ?
What is the staff ID of the staff with the first name Christop ? How many problems have been reported under staff ID 10 ? Can you give me a list of the problem descriptions he reported ?
What is the staff ID of the staff with the first name Christop ? How many problems have been reported under staff ID 10 ? Can you give me a list of the problem descriptions he reported ? Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop.
Find the total passengers of London Waterloo ?
Find the total passengers of London Waterloo ? How many Number of Platforms in station id 2 ?
Find the total passengers of London Waterloo ? How many Number of Platforms in station id 2 ? What are the Main Services of station id 3 ?
Find the total passengers of London Waterloo ? How many Number of Platforms in station id 2 ? What are the Main Services of station id 3 ? Show all locations which do n't have a train station with at least 15 platforms .
Find the total passengers of London Waterloo ? How many Number of Platforms in station id 2 ? What are the Main Services of station id 3 ? Show all locations which do n't have a train station with at least 15 platforms . Show all locations which don't have a train station with at least 15 platforms.
Can you list the number of amenity ids associated with each distinct dorm id and display both of those results ( dorm id and number of amenity ids ) ?
Can you list the number of amenity ids associated with each distinct dorm id and display both of those results ( dorm id and number of amenity ids ) ? Wonderful , can you remove that information and instead display every student id that has a dorm id of 160 ?
Can you list the number of amenity ids associated with each distinct dorm id and display both of those results ( dorm id and number of amenity ids ) ? Wonderful , can you remove that information and instead display every student id that has a dorm id of 160 ? Can you show only the first names ?
Can you list the number of amenity ids associated with each distinct dorm id and display both of those results ( dorm id and number of amenity ids ) ? Wonderful , can you remove that information and instead display every student id that has a dorm id of 160 ? Can you show only the first names ? Find the first name of students who are living in the dorm that has most number of amenities.
Which products were purchased in the largest amount ? | 4 is the id of product that was purchased in the largest amount . | What about top 3 largest ?
Which products were purchased in the largest amount ? | 4 is the id of product that was purchased in the largest amount . | What about top 3 largest ? And what about the lowest 3 ?
Which products were purchased in the largest amount ? | 4 is the id of product that was purchased in the largest amount . | What about top 3 largest ? And what about the lowest 3 ? What are the ids of the top three products that were purchased in the largest amount?
What are the employees whose first name does not containing the letter M ?
What are the employees whose first name does not containing the letter M ? Display the full name , hire date , salaer , and department member of the above results .
What are the employees whose first name does not containing the letter M ? Display the full name , hire date , salaer , and department member of the above results . Sort the results in ascending order by department . number .
What are the employees whose first name does not containing the letter M ? Display the full name , hire date , salaer , and department member of the above results . Sort the results in ascending order by department . number . display the full name (first and last), hire date, salary, and department number for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M and make the result set in ascending order by department number.
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? Which has the highest amount of transaction ?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? Which has the highest amount of transaction ? what was the date of that transaction ?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? Which has the highest amount of transaction ? what was the date of that transaction ? What transaction type code did that have ?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? Which has the highest amount of transaction ? what was the date of that transaction ? What transaction type code did that have ? What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is "PUR"?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ? List out projects which has staff for researcher role ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ? List out projects which has staff for researcher role ? Can you tell me the organization id for the project id 1 ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ? List out projects which has staff for researcher role ? Can you tell me the organization id for the project id 1 ? can you tell me the staff id of the project which did not have researcher role ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ? List out projects which has staff for researcher role ? Can you tell me the organization id for the project id 1 ? can you tell me the staff id of the project which did not have researcher role ? tell me project details about the project id 1 ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ? List out projects which has staff for researcher role ? Can you tell me the organization id for the project id 1 ? can you tell me the staff id of the project which did not have researcher role ? tell me project details about the project id 1 ? List out total number of projects which has no staff for researcher role ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ? List out projects which has staff for researcher role ? Can you tell me the organization id for the project id 1 ? can you tell me the staff id of the project which did not have researcher role ? tell me project details about the project id 1 ? List out total number of projects which has no staff for researcher role ? List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role ?
List out projects which did not hire staff for researcher role ? what is the role of the project id 5 ? Can you tell me the role of project id 1 ? List out projects which has staff for researcher role ? Can you tell me the organization id for the project id 1 ? can you tell me the staff id of the project which did not have researcher role ? tell me project details about the project id 1 ? List out total number of projects which has no staff for researcher role ? List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role ? List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role.
How many services has each resident requested ?
How many services has each resident requested ? Can you list them in descending order ?
How many services has each resident requested ? Can you list them in descending order ? Can you list the residents by the count of services in descending order by count of services ? | Do you just want the resident ids ? | The resident_id and count of services
How many services has each resident requested ? Can you list them in descending order ? Can you list the residents by the count of services in descending order by count of services ? | Do you just want the resident ids ? | The resident_id and count of services Can you add the resident other detail to the results ?
How many services has each resident requested ? Can you list them in descending order ? Can you list the residents by the count of services in descending order by count of services ? | Do you just want the resident ids ? | The resident_id and count of services Can you add the resident other detail to the results ? How many services has each resident requested? List the resident id, details, and the count in descending order of the count.
How many teachers in this table ?
How many teachers in this table ? Yes .
How many teachers in this table ? Yes . Find the last name of Mr.STORMY
How many teachers in this table ? Yes . Find the last name of Mr.STORMY How many students in this table ?
How many teachers in this table ? Yes . Find the last name of Mr.STORMY How many students in this table ? Find all students taught by OTHA MOYER. Output the first and last names of the students.
how many zip codes in the county table
how many zip codes in the county table how many county id in the county table
how many zip codes in the county table how many county id in the county table Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? How many persons are there ?
How many students are there ? How many persons are there ? How many friends are there ?
How many students are there ? How many persons are there ? How many friends are there ? How many of them are friends with Bob ?
How many students are there ? How many persons are there ? How many friends are there ? How many of them are friends with Bob ? What is their name ?
How many students are there ? How many persons are there ? How many friends are there ? How many of them are friends with Bob ? What is their name ? Who is Bob 's friend ?
How many students are there ? How many persons are there ? How many friends are there ? How many of them are friends with Bob ? What is their name ? Who is Bob 's friend ? What person has Zach as a friend ?
How many students are there ? How many persons are there ? How many friends are there ? How many of them are friends with Bob ? What is their name ? Who is Bob 's friend ? What person has Zach as a friend ? Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob.
What is the longest duration ?
What is the longest duration ? What is the shortest duration ?
What is the longest duration ? What is the shortest duration ? How many songs have a short duration less than 4 minutes ?
What is the longest duration ? What is the shortest duration ? How many songs have a short duration less than 4 minutes ? How many songs have 4 minute duration?
Hi , can you tell me in what year did the artist Gorgoroth release his first song ? | 16 May - 30 May is the issue date of the song the artist Gorgoroth first released . | what is the name of the song ?
Hi , can you tell me in what year did the artist Gorgoroth release his first song ? | 16 May - 30 May is the issue date of the song the artist Gorgoroth first released . | what is the name of the song ? Great , what is the issue dates of all volumes of the artist `` Gorgoroth ''
Hi , can you tell me in what year did the artist Gorgoroth release his first song ? | 16 May - 30 May is the issue date of the song the artist Gorgoroth first released . | what is the name of the song ? Great , what is the issue dates of all volumes of the artist `` Gorgoroth '' What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist "Gorgoroth"?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all course IDs ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all course IDs ? Wow that 's a lot ! Can you update that list to show me the semester and year which have the fewest number of students taking any class ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all course IDs ? Wow that 's a lot ! Can you update that list to show me the semester and year which have the fewest number of students taking any class ? Excellent ! Can you update this list to show many total classes were taken in Fall of 2008 ? | Do you mean how many total classes were taken in Fall of 2008 ? | Yes ! That is what I meant ! Sorry ! How many total classes were taken in Fall of 2008 ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all course IDs ? Wow that 's a lot ! Can you update that list to show me the semester and year which have the fewest number of students taking any class ? Excellent ! Can you update this list to show many total classes were taken in Fall of 2008 ? | Do you mean how many total classes were taken in Fall of 2008 ? | Yes ! That is what I meant ! Sorry ! How many total classes were taken in Fall of 2008 ? Find the semester and year which has the least number of student taking any class.
What is the name of the city the student by the name of Linda Smith is from ? | Do you mean the code of the city ? since we do n't have the name of cities . | Yes , please
What is the name of the city the student by the name of Linda Smith is from ? | Do you mean the code of the city ? since we do n't have the name of cities . | Yes , please What are the first and last names of all students with the sex `` F '' ?
What is the name of the city the student by the name of Linda Smith is from ? | Do you mean the code of the city ? since we do n't have the name of cities . | Yes , please What are the first and last names of all students with the sex `` F '' ? What are their city codes ?
What is the name of the city the student by the name of Linda Smith is from ? | Do you mean the code of the city ? since we do n't have the name of cities . | Yes , please What are the first and last names of all students with the sex `` F '' ? What are their city codes ? What is the name of the oldest student ?
What is the name of the city the student by the name of Linda Smith is from ? | Do you mean the code of the city ? since we do n't have the name of cities . | Yes , please What are the first and last names of all students with the sex `` F '' ? What are their city codes ? What is the name of the oldest student ? Which city does student Linda Smith live in?
Which wine uses Cabernet Franc grapes
Which wine uses Cabernet Franc grapes What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 ?
Which wine uses Cabernet Franc grapes What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 ? What grapes are red color ?
Which wine uses Cabernet Franc grapes What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 ? What grapes are red color ? Among the wines that have prices higher than 50 , which ones use red color grapes ?
Which wine uses Cabernet Franc grapes What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 ? What grapes are red color ? Among the wines that have prices higher than 50 , which ones use red color grapes ? What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 and made of Red color grapes?
Sure ! On my end I 'm seeing that the first table is labeled `` City '' , but if these are towns and villages then I 'd like to see what you are suggesting ! Thanks !
Sure ! On my end I 'm seeing that the first table is labeled `` City '' , but if these are towns and villages then I 'd like to see what you are suggesting ! Thanks ! Show the status of the city that has hosted the greatest number of competitions.
I 'm looking for a patient . | What feature do you want ? | I want to know their room number .
I 'm looking for a patient . | What feature do you want ? | I want to know their room number . What is the patient 's name in room 111 ?
I 'm looking for a patient . | What feature do you want ? | I want to know their room number . What is the patient 's name in room 111 ? What is the name and dose of the medication ?
I 'm looking for a patient . | What feature do you want ? | I want to know their room number . What is the patient 's name in room 111 ? What is the name and dose of the medication ? Find the name of medication used on the patient who stays in room 111?
how many female students presented on table
how many female students presented on table what is the age of smith | Do you mean the age of the student whose last name is Smith ? | exactly
how many female students presented on table what is the age of smith | Do you mean the age of the student whose last name is Smith ? | exactly exactly | I mean which one do you want to know , first name or last name or both ? | i want first name
how many female students presented on table what is the age of smith | Do you mean the age of the student whose last name is Smith ? | exactly exactly | I mean which one do you want to know , first name or last name or both ? | i want first name Find the first name and gender of the student who has allergy to milk but not cat.
Can you provide a count of assessment notes by teacher id ?
Can you provide a count of assessment notes by teacher id ? For that table , can you sort by descending count ?
Can you provide a count of assessment notes by teacher id ? For that table , can you sort by descending count ? Can you left join the Assessment Notes table with the Teachers table on teacher_id ?
Can you provide a count of assessment notes by teacher id ? For that table , can you sort by descending count ? Can you left join the Assessment Notes table with the Teachers table on teacher_id ? For the earlier table with sorted counts , can you give me the first name associted with each teacher_id ?
Can you provide a count of assessment notes by teacher id ? For that table , can you sort by descending count ? Can you left join the Assessment Notes table with the Teachers table on teacher_id ? For the earlier table with sorted counts , can you give me the first name associted with each teacher_id ? Find the ids and first names of the 3 teachers that have the most number of assessment notes?
How many countries are there on the list ?
How many countries are there on the list ? Can you list the name of the countries that have perpetrators with injures more than 50 ?
How many countries are there on the list ? Can you list the name of the countries that have perpetrators with injures more than 50 ? Can you also include the name of the contries that have perpetrators with injures smaller than 20 ?
How many countries are there on the list ? Can you list the name of the countries that have perpetrators with injures more than 50 ? Can you also include the name of the contries that have perpetrators with injures smaller than 20 ? Show the countries that have both perpetrators with injures more than 50 and perpetrators with injures smaller than 20.
What are the names of the perpetrators in the country China ?
What are the names of the perpetrators in the country China ? What are the names of the perpetrators in the country Japan ?
What are the names of the perpetrators in the country China ? What are the names of the perpetrators in the country Japan ? What are the heights of all the perpetrators in Japan and China ?
What are the names of the perpetrators in the country China ? What are the names of the perpetrators in the country Japan ? What are the heights of all the perpetrators in Japan and China ? What are the weights of all the perpetrators from South Korea ?
What are the names of the perpetrators in the country China ? What are the names of the perpetrators in the country Japan ? What are the heights of all the perpetrators in Japan and China ? What are the weights of all the perpetrators from South Korea ? What are the names of perpetrators in country "China" or "Japan"?
What are names of all the wrestlers ?
What are names of all the wrestlers ? And what about teams in elimination ?
What are names of all the wrestlers ? And what about teams in elimination ? Can I see a list with wrestler names and teams in elimination in descending order based on days held ?
What are names of all the wrestlers ? And what about teams in elimination ? Can I see a list with wrestler names and teams in elimination in descending order based on days held ? List the names of wrestlers and the teams in elimination in descending order of days held.
Can you tell me the names of all compatible browsers and accelerators ?
Can you tell me the names of all compatible browsers and accelerators ? Can you also show their compatible years ?
Can you tell me the names of all compatible browsers and accelerators ? Can you also show their compatible years ? Hmm , can you list the names of all compatible browsers and accelerators in the descending order of compatible year ?
Can you tell me the names of all compatible browsers and accelerators ? Can you also show their compatible years ? Hmm , can you list the names of all compatible browsers and accelerators in the descending order of compatible year ? give me names of all compatible browsers and accelerators in the descending order of compatible year
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all Job Title Codes present on this list ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all Job Title Codes present on this list ? Great ! Can you please show me a list of Staff IDs for those who have the job_title_code of Department Manager ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all Job Title Codes present on this list ? Great ! Can you please show me a list of Staff IDs for those who have the job_title_code of Department Manager ? Great ! Now can you update this list to include the genders of all of these individuals ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all Job Title Codes present on this list ? Great ! Can you please show me a list of Staff IDs for those who have the job_title_code of Department Manager ? Great ! Now can you update this list to include the genders of all of these individuals ? What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager?
What are the names for the top three membership branches
What are the names for the top three membership branches How many memberships do these branches have ?
What are the names for the top three membership branches How many memberships do these branches have ? What years did the branches open ?
What are the names for the top three membership branches How many memberships do these branches have ? What years did the branches open ? What are the addresses for these three branches ?
What are the names for the top three membership branches How many memberships do these branches have ? What years did the branches open ? What are the addresses for these three branches ? Which address has the most memberships ?
What are the names for the top three membership branches How many memberships do these branches have ? What years did the branches open ? What are the addresses for these three branches ? Which address has the most memberships ? What are names for top three branches with most number of membership?
Hi there ! Can you show me the name of the architect who built the most mills ?
Hi there ! Can you show me the name of the architect who built the most mills ? Awesome ! Can you update this list to also include the architect ID and nationality of this individual ?
Hi there ! Can you show me the name of the architect who built the most mills ? Awesome ! Can you update this list to also include the architect ID and nationality of this individual ? Thank you ! Can you please show me a list of all of the mill names that were built by Frank Lloyd Wright ?
Hi there ! Can you show me the name of the architect who built the most mills ? Awesome ! Can you update this list to also include the architect ID and nationality of this individual ? Thank you ! Can you please show me a list of all of the mill names that were built by Frank Lloyd Wright ? What is the id, name and nationality of the architect who built most mills?
What is the average age of students ?
What is the average age of students ? And what is the average gender wise ? | sorry , i cant understand your question | What is the average age of students as per the `` Sex '' of the students ?
What is the average age of students ? And what is the average gender wise ? | sorry , i cant understand your question | What is the average age of students as per the `` Sex '' of the students ? How many Students are below the age of 17 ?
What is the average age of students ? And what is the average gender wise ? | sorry , i cant understand your question | What is the average age of students as per the `` Sex '' of the students ? How many Students are below the age of 17 ? How many students have the same Fname ?
What is the average age of students ? And what is the average gender wise ? | sorry , i cant understand your question | What is the average age of students as per the `` Sex '' of the students ? How many Students are below the age of 17 ? How many students have the same Fname ? How many clubs are located in city code `` AKW ''
What is the average age of students ? And what is the average gender wise ? | sorry , i cant understand your question | What is the average age of students as per the `` Sex '' of the students ? How many Students are below the age of 17 ? How many students have the same Fname ? How many clubs are located in city code `` AKW '' and how many in city code `` HHH ''
What is the average age of students ? And what is the average gender wise ? | sorry , i cant understand your question | What is the average age of students as per the `` Sex '' of the students ? How many Students are below the age of 17 ? How many students have the same Fname ? How many clubs are located in city code `` AKW '' and how many in city code `` HHH '' Find the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "BAL".
What are the ships that are steered by a captain with Midshipman rank ?
What are the ships that are steered by a captain with Midshipman rank ? What are the ships that are steered by a captain with Lieutenant rank ?
What are the ships that are steered by a captain with Midshipman rank ? What are the ships that are steered by a captain with Lieutenant rank ? Are there any captains that are included in both lists ? | Did you mean ships that are included in both lists ? | Oh sorry , yes ships that are included in both lists
What are the ships that are steered by a captain with Midshipman rank ? What are the ships that are steered by a captain with Lieutenant rank ? Are there any captains that are included in both lists ? | Did you mean ships that are included in both lists ? | Oh sorry , yes ships that are included in both lists Find the name of the ships that are steered by both a captain with Midshipman rank and a captain with Lieutenant rank.
what is the average number of faculty members ? | Do you mean the average number of FacID ? | yes
what is the average number of faculty members ? | Do you mean the average number of FacID ? | yes Which rank has the highest number of faculty members ?
what is the average number of faculty members ? | Do you mean the average number of FacID ? | yes Which rank has the highest number of faculty members ? How many ranks have professors
what is the average number of faculty members ? | Do you mean the average number of FacID ? | yes Which rank has the highest number of faculty members ? How many ranks have professors Which rank has the smallest number of faculty members?
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts .
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts . What is the representative name of Newport Rd ?
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts . What is the representative name of Newport Rd ? Find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts .
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts . What is the representative name of Newport Rd ? Find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts . What gas station is the oldest one based on open year | Which kind of information about this gas station do you want ? | Which gas station location is the oldest based on its open year .
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts . What is the representative name of Newport Rd ? Find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts . What gas station is the oldest one based on open year | Which kind of information about this gas station do you want ? | Which gas station location is the oldest based on its open year . find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts.
What are all the contract ids
What are all the contract ids Can I also get the numbers of assets for each of these contracts
What are all the contract ids Can I also get the numbers of assets for each of these contracts What I meant was the asset counts for each of these contracts
What are all the contract ids Can I also get the numbers of assets for each of these contracts What I meant was the asset counts for each of these contracts How many assets does each maintenance contract contain? List the number and the contract id.
Can you find the name and age of the oldest manager ?
Can you find the name and age of the oldest manager ? What year did Todd Hamilton start working ?
Can you find the name and age of the oldest manager ? What year did Todd Hamilton start working ? What is the name of the oldest manager?
What are the prices of the 3 lowest publications ?
What are the prices of the 3 lowest publications ? And who are the publishers of the 3 lowest priced publications ?
What are the prices of the 3 lowest publications ? And who are the publishers of the 3 lowest priced publications ? What are the publication dates of the 3 lowest priced publications ?
What are the prices of the 3 lowest publications ? And who are the publishers of the 3 lowest priced publications ? What are the publication dates of the 3 lowest priced publications ? List the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices.
which order has high quantity
which order has high quantity how many types of products have rodrick heaney bought in total ?
which order has high quantity how many types of products have rodrick heaney bought in total ? which person had order high amount of products | What attributes do you want to know about the customer who ordered the highest amount of products ? | I want everything about it .
which order has high quantity how many types of products have rodrick heaney bought in total ? which person had order high amount of products | What attributes do you want to know about the customer who ordered the highest amount of products ? | I want everything about it . How many types of products have Rodrick Heaney bought in total?
what is the budget for chandler ?
what is the budget for chandler ? how many departments are in table ?
what is the budget for chandler ? how many departments are in table ? how many buildings are available ?
what is the budget for chandler ? how many departments are in table ? how many buildings are available ? which department is managed by taylor ?
what is the budget for chandler ? how many departments are in table ? how many buildings are available ? which department is managed by taylor ? how much budget is taking biology department ?
what is the budget for chandler ? how many departments are in table ? how many buildings are available ? which department is managed by taylor ? how much budget is taking biology department ? Find the total budgets of the Marketing or Finance department.
Can you show me a list of all of the lots that belong to category 'i ' within the 'lot details ' column ?
Can you show me a list of all of the lots that belong to category 'i ' within the 'lot details ' column ? My apologies ! I mean ask for `` l '' or lower-case L ... Therefore , can you list the lots that belong to category `` l '' in the 'lot details ' column ?
Can you show me a list of all of the lots that belong to category 'i ' within the 'lot details ' column ? My apologies ! I mean ask for `` l '' or lower-case L ... Therefore , can you list the lots that belong to category `` l '' in the 'lot details ' column ? Oh sorry ! I am all mixed up ! Third time 's a charm ! Can you provide me with the lot details for all lots that belong to investors which belong to the 'investor id ' category of `` l '' ?
Can you show me a list of all of the lots that belong to category 'i ' within the 'lot details ' column ? My apologies ! I mean ask for `` l '' or lower-case L ... Therefore , can you list the lots that belong to category `` l '' in the 'lot details ' column ? Oh sorry ! I am all mixed up ! Third time 's a charm ! Can you provide me with the lot details for all lots that belong to investors which belong to the 'investor id ' category of `` l '' ? Excellent ! Can you list the investor IDs that correspond to each of these lot_details ?
Can you show me a list of all of the lots that belong to category 'i ' within the 'lot details ' column ? My apologies ! I mean ask for `` l '' or lower-case L ... Therefore , can you list the lots that belong to category `` l '' in the 'lot details ' column ? Oh sorry ! I am all mixed up ! Third time 's a charm ! Can you provide me with the lot details for all lots that belong to investors which belong to the 'investor id ' category of `` l '' ? Excellent ! Can you list the investor IDs that correspond to each of these lot_details ? Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details "l"?
what is the name of the settlement claim with the largest claim amount ? | What do you mean by the name of the settlement claim ? | i mean the claim id
what is the name of the settlement claim with the largest claim amount ? | What do you mean by the name of the settlement claim ? | i mean the claim id in what policy id is it in ?
what is the name of the settlement claim with the largest claim amount ? | What do you mean by the name of the settlement claim ? | i mean the claim id in what policy id is it in ? what date was the claim made ?
what is the name of the settlement claim with the largest claim amount ? | What do you mean by the name of the settlement claim ? | i mean the claim id in what policy id is it in ? what date was the claim made ? Among all the claims, what is the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
what is the location of School id 1
what is the location of School id 1 What is the amount for donator name Distrito Nacional ?
what is the location of School id 1 What is the amount for donator name Distrito Nacional ? List the names of the schools without any endowment.
Tell me title name for all course ids ... .
Tell me title name for all course ids ... . Tell me the name of the instructor who getting high salary ... And tell his department name too ... | How do you define a high salary ? | Higher than 80000 ... ..
Tell me title name for all course ids ... . Tell me the name of the instructor who getting high salary ... And tell his department name too ... | How do you define a high salary ? | Higher than 80000 ... .. Find the name of the instructors who taught C programming course before..
Tell me title name for all course ids ... . Tell me the name of the instructor who getting high salary ... And tell his department name too ... | How do you define a high salary ? | Higher than 80000 ... .. Find the name of the instructors who taught C programming course before.. Find the name of the instructors who taught C Programming course before.
whats the average age of the hosts ?
whats the average age of the hosts ? and how many of those 8 hosts are younger than 40 ?
whats the average age of the hosts ? and how many of those 8 hosts are younger than 40 ? Show the name and the nationality of the oldest host.
Hi ! How are you ? Can you show me a list of all of the country names ?
Hi ! How are you ? Can you show me a list of all of the country names ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the average roller coaster speed for each of these three countries ?
Hi ! How are you ? Can you show me a list of all of the country names ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the average roller coaster speed for each of these three countries ? Thank you for that ! Would you be able to show me the roller coaster names associated with just Sweden ?
Hi ! How are you ? Can you show me a list of all of the country names ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the average roller coaster speed for each of these three countries ? Thank you for that ! Would you be able to show me the roller coaster names associated with just Sweden ? Show the names of countries and the average speed of roller coasters from each country.
What are the names of the top 3 expensive rooms ?
What are the names of the top 3 expensive rooms ? What are the bed types of those rooms ?
What are the names of the top 3 expensive rooms ? What are the bed types of those rooms ? What are the bed types of the three least expensive rooms ?
What are the names of the top 3 expensive rooms ? What are the bed types of those rooms ? What are the bed types of the three least expensive rooms ? What are the ids of the top 3 expensive rooms ?
What are the names of the top 3 expensive rooms ? What are the bed types of those rooms ? What are the bed types of the three least expensive rooms ? What are the ids of the top 3 expensive rooms ? What are the ids of the three least expensive rooms ?
What are the names of the top 3 expensive rooms ? What are the bed types of those rooms ? What are the bed types of the three least expensive rooms ? What are the ids of the top 3 expensive rooms ? What are the ids of the three least expensive rooms ? Find the name and id of the top 3 expensive rooms.
Okay . Sorry about that . Can you please list all of the customer IDs for which the customer has more than one card ?
Okay . Sorry about that . Can you please list all of the customer IDs for which the customer has more than one card ? Can you please update that list to show the total number of cards that each of these customers has ?
Okay . Sorry about that . Can you please list all of the customer IDs for which the customer has more than one card ? Can you please update that list to show the total number of cards that each of these customers has ? What is the customer id with most number of cards, and how many does he have?
What countries own stadiums ?
What countries own stadiums ? how many cities have stadiums ?
What countries own stadiums ? how many cities have stadiums ? What country has at max 3 stadiums ?
What countries own stadiums ? how many cities have stadiums ? What country has at max 3 stadiums ? Which country has at most 3 stadiums listed?
Show all the low temperatures .
Show all the low temperatures . Show the highest low temperature .
Show all the low temperatures . Show the highest low temperature . Show all the wind speeds in miles per hour .
Show all the low temperatures . Show the highest low temperature . Show all the wind speeds in miles per hour . List all the winds speeds in ascending order .
Show all the low temperatures . Show the highest low temperature . Show all the wind speeds in miles per hour . List all the winds speeds in ascending order . Show the lowest low temperature and the highest wind speed in miles per hour .
Show all the low temperatures . Show the highest low temperature . Show all the wind speeds in miles per hour . List all the winds speeds in ascending order . Show the lowest low temperature and the highest wind speed in miles per hour . What day of the week has the lowest low temperature .
Show all the low temperatures . Show the highest low temperature . Show all the wind speeds in miles per hour . List all the winds speeds in ascending order . Show the lowest low temperature and the highest wind speed in miles per hour . What day of the week has the lowest low temperature . show the lowest low temperature and highest wind speed in miles per hour.
how many customers live in germany and have invoice
how many customers live in germany and have invoice * I have left the chat *
how many customers live in germany and have invoice * I have left the chat * include the first and last name of customers of this address in the table
how many customers live in germany and have invoice * I have left the chat * include the first and last name of customers of this address in the table Find the address of all customers that live in Germany and have invoice.
How many different types of allergies are there ?
How many different types of allergies are there ? What allergy is most prevalent among students ?
How many different types of allergies are there ? What allergy is most prevalent among students ? How many male students have a tree pollen allergy ?
How many different types of allergies are there ? What allergy is most prevalent among students ? How many male students have a tree pollen allergy ? How many students have a soy allergy ?
How many different types of allergies are there ? What allergy is most prevalent among students ? How many male students have a tree pollen allergy ? How many students have a soy allergy ? How many students do n't have a soy allergy ?
How many different types of allergies are there ? What allergy is most prevalent among students ? How many male students have a tree pollen allergy ? How many students have a soy allergy ? How many students do n't have a soy allergy ? Can you list them for me with their names and majors ? | First name ? | Yes please . First name and major .
How many different types of allergies are there ? What allergy is most prevalent among students ? How many male students have a tree pollen allergy ? How many students have a soy allergy ? How many students do n't have a soy allergy ? Can you list them for me with their names and majors ? | First name ? | Yes please . First name and major . Find the first name and major of the students who are not allegry to soy.
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all people and their people IDs ?
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all people and their people IDs ? Nice ! Can you filter the list to show only the people who do not have an associated entrepreneur ID ?
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all people and their people IDs ? Nice ! Can you filter the list to show only the people who do not have an associated entrepreneur ID ? Wonderful ! Can you tell me what is the total amount of money requested by the people who ARE entrepreneurs ?
Hi ! Can you show me a list of all people and their people IDs ? Nice ! Can you filter the list to show only the people who do not have an associated entrepreneur ID ? Wonderful ! Can you tell me what is the total amount of money requested by the people who ARE entrepreneurs ? List the names of people that are not entrepreneurs.
Could you please show me all the student IDs with the number of sports ?
Could you please show me all the student IDs with the number of sports ? Could you add the total number of games played to that table please ?
Could you please show me all the student IDs with the number of sports ? Could you add the total number of games played to that table please ? How many students are on scholarships ?
Could you please show me all the student IDs with the number of sports ? Could you add the total number of games played to that table please ? How many students are on scholarships ? What is the most common sports name ?
Could you please show me all the student IDs with the number of sports ? Could you add the total number of games played to that table please ? How many students are on scholarships ? What is the most common sports name ? What is the name of the sport the student with the most hours per week played ?
Could you please show me all the student IDs with the number of sports ? Could you add the total number of games played to that table please ? How many students are on scholarships ? What is the most common sports name ? What is the name of the sport the student with the most hours per week played ? Show all student IDs with the number of sports and total number of games played
Hello , which complaint id has more than 3 records present on this list ?
Hello , which complaint id has more than 3 records present on this list ? Okay , I see . Which complaint status code has more than 3 records on this list ?
Hello , which complaint id has more than 3 records present on this list ? Okay , I see . Which complaint status code has more than 3 records on this list ? Alright ! Now can you update this list to show the associated complain type code for these two status codes ?
Hello , which complaint id has more than 3 records present on this list ? Okay , I see . Which complaint status code has more than 3 records on this list ? Alright ! Now can you update this list to show the associated complain type code for these two status codes ? Finally , can you show me the complaint outcome code for each of these two entries ?
Hello , which complaint id has more than 3 records present on this list ? Okay , I see . Which complaint status code has more than 3 records on this list ? Alright ! Now can you update this list to show the associated complain type code for these two status codes ? Finally , can you show me the complaint outcome code for each of these two entries ? Which complaint status has more than 3 records on file?
How many of the drivers are over 40 ?
How many of the drivers are over 40 ? How many of these drivers are also from Hartford ?
How many of the drivers are over 40 ? How many of these drivers are also from Hartford ? What is the party of these 4 drivers ?
How many of the drivers are over 40 ? How many of these drivers are also from Hartford ? What is the party of these 4 drivers ? Show the party with drivers from Hartford and drivers older than 40.
show me the programmes | Do you mean all the program ids ? | yes
show me the programmes | Do you mean all the program ids ? | yes list the name of programme that broadcast frequently | Do you mean the name of the program that is broadcast most frequently ? | yes
show me the programmes | Do you mean all the program ids ? | yes list the name of programme that broadcast frequently | Do you mean the name of the program that is broadcast most frequently ? | yes Find the name of the program that is broadcast most frequently.
What are the names of the mountains with height more than 5000 ?
What are the names of the mountains with height more than 5000 ? Which of those has a prominence greater than 1000 ?
What are the names of the mountains with height more than 5000 ? Which of those has a prominence greater than 1000 ? And in what range is each of those located ?
What are the names of the mountains with height more than 5000 ? Which of those has a prominence greater than 1000 ? And in what range is each of those located ? Show the names of mountains with height more than 5000 or prominence more than 1000.
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the years for which there is data ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the years for which there is data ? Thank you ! Can you update this list to include how many degrees were conferred each year ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the years for which there is data ? Thank you ! Can you update this list to include how many degrees were conferred each year ? Thanks ! Lastly , ( I am about to run out of time ) can you filter that list to show me which year had the most degrees conferred ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the years for which there is data ? Thank you ! Can you update this list to include how many degrees were conferred each year ? Thanks ! Lastly , ( I am about to run out of time ) can you filter that list to show me which year had the most degrees conferred ? Which year has the most degrees conferred?
how many project staff there
how many project staff there what is the date from of staff id 779.0
how many project staff there what is the date from of staff id 779.0 what is the role code of staff id 674810.0
how many project staff there what is the date from of staff id 779.0 what is the role code of staff id 674810.0 What is the last date of the staff leaving the projects?
find the name and college of students whose player position are goalie in the tryout
find the name and college of students whose player position are goalie in the tryout find the training hours for the player id 10001
find the name and college of students whose player position are goalie in the tryout find the training hours for the player id 10001 find the college name for the player id 10001
find the name and college of students whose player position are goalie in the tryout find the training hours for the player id 10001 find the college name for the player id 10001 Find the name and college of students whose decisions are yes in the tryout.
I 'd like to know how many staff are in charge in June ?
I 'd like to know how many staff are in charge in June ? How many places offer happy hour ?
I 'd like to know how many staff are in charge in June ? How many places offer happy hour ? Which of those 5 distinct shops have the most happy hours ? | Shop id 1 has the most happy hours | Can you tell me which shop ID offers the least happy hours ?
I 'd like to know how many staff are in charge in June ? How many places offer happy hour ? Which of those 5 distinct shops have the most happy hours ? | Shop id 1 has the most happy hours | Can you tell me which shop ID offers the least happy hours ? Which month has the most happy hours?
Can you list the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it ?
Can you list the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it ? Can you order the table by the count of photos in ascending order ?
Can you list the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it ? Can you order the table by the count of photos in ascending order ? What are the names of all photos taken by Olympus brand cameras ?
Can you list the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it ? Can you order the table by the count of photos in ascending order ? What are the names of all photos taken by Olympus brand cameras ? What is the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it? Order the result by the count of photos.
Hello ! Can you please list all of the product names that have the color description of `` white '' ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the product names that have the color description of `` white '' ? Thank you for that ! Can you update this list to show the typical selling price for each ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the product names that have the color description of `` white '' ? Thank you for that ! Can you update this list to show the typical selling price for each ? Thank you ! Can you tell me what the average typical selling price is of all of the product types ? | do you mean the average typical selling price of all product category code ? | Yes ! Can you provide me with the average typical selling price of all product category code ?
Hello ! Can you please list all of the product names that have the color description of `` white '' ? Thank you for that ! Can you update this list to show the typical selling price for each ? Thank you ! Can you tell me what the average typical selling price is of all of the product types ? | do you mean the average typical selling price of all product category code ? | Yes ! Can you provide me with the average typical selling price of all product category code ? List all the product names with the color description "white".
Which last names are both used by customers and staff ?
Which last names are both used by customers and staff ? What is the most common first name of staff ?
Which last names are both used by customers and staff ? What is the most common first name of staff ? What 's the most common last name of staff ?
Which last names are both used by customers and staff ? What is the most common first name of staff ? What 's the most common last name of staff ? What are the first names of the customers with the last name Mertz ?
Which last names are both used by customers and staff ? What is the most common first name of staff ? What 's the most common last name of staff ? What are the first names of the customers with the last name Mertz ? What about the staff ?
Which last names are both used by customers and staff ? What is the most common first name of staff ? What 's the most common last name of staff ? What are the first names of the customers with the last name Mertz ? What about the staff ? Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
list the forename of all races
list the forename of all races what is the forename of the race that occurred most recently ?
list the forename of all races what is the forename of the race that occurred most recently ? what is its code ? | Do you mean circuit id ? | yes
list the forename of all races what is the forename of the race that occurred most recently ? what is its code ? | Do you mean circuit id ? | yes What is the name and date of the most recent race?
how artist are from India
how artist are from India how many persons are from folk genre
how artist are from India how many persons are from folk genre how many artists are from Bangladesh
how artist are from India how many persons are from folk genre how many artists are from Bangladesh Return the names of singers who are from UK and released an English song.
I need to know the names of artists with at least one English Song
I need to know the names of artists with at least one English Song What is the country of origin of artists with at least one English song
I need to know the names of artists with at least one English Song What is the country of origin of artists with at least one English song What is the gender of artists with at least one English song ?
I need to know the names of artists with at least one English Song What is the country of origin of artists with at least one English song What is the gender of artists with at least one English song ? What is the rating of artists with at least one English song ?
I need to know the names of artists with at least one English Song What is the country of origin of artists with at least one English song What is the gender of artists with at least one English song ? What is the rating of artists with at least one English song ? Find the names and number of works of all artists who have at least one English songs.
hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all college names ?
hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all college names ? Thank you for that ! Can you show me the names of all colleges with an enrollment value that is greater than the total enrollment of all of the colleges in the state of FL ?
hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all college names ? Thank you for that ! Can you show me the names of all colleges with an enrollment value that is greater than the total enrollment of all of the colleges in the state of FL ? Excellent ! Can you update this list to show me the enrollment quantity associated with each college ?
hello there ! Can you please provide me with a list of all college names ? Thank you for that ! Can you show me the names of all colleges with an enrollment value that is greater than the total enrollment of all of the colleges in the state of FL ? Excellent ! Can you update this list to show me the enrollment quantity associated with each college ? Find names of all colleges whose enrollment is greater than that of all colleges in the FL state.
How fast are roller coasters in Austria ?
How fast are roller coasters in Austria ? When did the fastest roller coaster in Austria open ?
How fast are roller coasters in Austria ? When did the fastest roller coaster in Austria open ? What is the name of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ?
How fast are roller coasters in Austria ? When did the fastest roller coaster in Austria open ? What is the name of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ? What park in Austria has the fastest roller coaster ?
How fast are roller coasters in Austria ? When did the fastest roller coaster in Austria open ? What is the name of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ? What park in Austria has the fastest roller coaster ? What is the height of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ?
How fast are roller coasters in Austria ? When did the fastest roller coaster in Austria open ? What is the name of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ? What park in Austria has the fastest roller coaster ? What is the height of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ? What is the length of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ?
How fast are roller coasters in Austria ? When did the fastest roller coaster in Austria open ? What is the name of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ? What park in Austria has the fastest roller coaster ? What is the height of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ? What is the length of the fastest roller coaster in Austria ? Show the names of countries and the average speed of roller coasters from each country.
List the name of all the distinct customers who have ordered with status `` packing ''
List the name of all the distinct customers who have ordered with status `` packing '' may i have the dates of their orders please ?
List the name of all the distinct customers who have ordered with status `` packing '' may i have the dates of their orders please ? may i have the order ids please
List the name of all the distinct customers who have ordered with status `` packing '' may i have the dates of their orders please ? may i have the order ids please may i have the customer ids please
List the name of all the distinct customers who have ordered with status `` packing '' may i have the dates of their orders please ? may i have the order ids please may i have the customer ids please may i have the order ids please ? | Did you mean their order ids ? | yes
List the name of all the distinct customers who have ordered with status `` packing '' may i have the dates of their orders please ? may i have the order ids please may i have the customer ids please may i have the order ids please ? | Did you mean their order ids ? | yes List the name of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "Packing".
Hi , which companies have operated more than one flight ?
Hi , which companies have operated more than one flight ? Great , can you show me the top 3 companies that have operated the most flights ?
Hi , which companies have operated more than one flight ? Great , can you show me the top 3 companies that have operated the most flights ? Which type of principal activity , cargo airline or airline , operates the most flights ?
Hi , which companies have operated more than one flight ? Great , can you show me the top 3 companies that have operated the most flights ? Which type of principal activity , cargo airline or airline , operates the most flights ? What are the top 3 companies operating the most cargo flights ?
Hi , which companies have operated more than one flight ? Great , can you show me the top 3 companies that have operated the most flights ? Which type of principal activity , cargo airline or airline , operates the most flights ? What are the top 3 companies operating the most cargo flights ? What are the ids and names of the companies that operated more than one flight?
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position ?
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position ? How many states that have some college students not playing in the goalie position ?
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position ? How many states that have some college students not playing in the goalie position ? Find college names with students playing in the goalie position
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position ? How many states that have some college students not playing in the goalie position ? Find college names with students playing in the goalie position How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
What are the ids , scores , and dates of the games which caused at most two injury accidents ?
What are the ids , scores , and dates of the games which caused at most two injury accidents ? How many competitions in this table ? | Did you mean the number of different competitions ? | Yes .
What are the ids , scores , and dates of the games which caused at most two injury accidents ? How many competitions in this table ? | Did you mean the number of different competitions ? | Yes . How many number of different home teams ?
What are the ids , scores , and dates of the games which caused at most two injury accidents ? How many competitions in this table ? | Did you mean the number of different competitions ? | Yes . How many number of different home teams ? What are the ids, scores, and dates of the games which caused at least two injury accidents?
What are the names of the products with the color description `` red '' ?
What are the names of the products with the color description `` red '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' ?
What are the names of the products with the color description `` red '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' and the color description `` red '' ?
What are the names of the products with the color description `` red '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' and the color description `` red '' ? What about products with the characteristic name `` slow '' ?
What are the names of the products with the color description `` red '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' and the color description `` red '' ? What about products with the characteristic name `` slow '' ? What are the color descriptions of those ?
What are the names of the products with the color description `` red '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' ? What are the names of the products that have the characteristic name `` fast '' and the color description `` red '' ? What about products with the characteristic name `` slow '' ? What are the color descriptions of those ? Find the name of the products that have the color description "red" and have the characteristic name "fast".
Please show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 , and managers of age below 46
Please show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 , and managers of age below 46 Please show me the names of all those managers
Please show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 , and managers of age below 46 Please show me the names of all those managers Please show me the age of the youngest and oldest managers
Please show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 , and managers of age below 46 Please show me the names of all those managers Please show me the age of the youngest and oldest managers Show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 and managers of age below 46.
Please show me the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200
Please show me the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200 please show me the average age of those employees
Please show me the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200 please show me the average age of those employees Show the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200.
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 .
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 . What is the campus id of San Jose State University ?
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 . What is the campus id of San Jose State University ? What is the campus fee of that ?
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 . What is the campus id of San Jose State University ? What is the campus fee of that ? What year is that for ?
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 . What is the campus id of San Jose State University ? What is the campus fee of that ? What year is that for ? What county is San Jose State University in ?
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 . What is the campus id of San Jose State University ? What is the campus fee of that ? What year is that for ? What county is San Jose State University in ? What is the location of that university ?
Find the campus fee of `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 . What is the campus id of San Jose State University ? What is the campus fee of that ? What year is that for ? What county is San Jose State University in ? What is the location of that university ? Find the campus fee of "San Jose State University" in year 2000.
Which allergy has the most number of students affected ?
Which allergy has the most number of students affected ? How many students has tree pollen affected ?
Which allergy has the most number of students affected ? How many students has tree pollen affected ? Which allergy has the least number of students affected ?
Which allergy has the most number of students affected ? How many students has tree pollen affected ? Which allergy has the least number of students affected ? Which allergy has most number of students affected?
Can you list the names of the locations that have two or more railways ?
Can you list the names of the locations that have two or more railways ? When were those built ?
Can you list the names of the locations that have two or more railways ? When were those built ? What is the location of the most recently built railway ?
Can you list the names of the locations that have two or more railways ? When were those built ? What is the location of the most recently built railway ? Who is the builder of the railway built earliest ?
Can you list the names of the locations that have two or more railways ? When were those built ? What is the location of the most recently built railway ? Who is the builder of the railway built earliest ? When was that railway built ?
Can you list the names of the locations that have two or more railways ? When were those built ? What is the location of the most recently built railway ? Who is the builder of the railway built earliest ? When was that railway built ? Show the locations that have more than one railways.
what is the club id of stud 1001
what is the club id of stud 1001 what is the club name of AKW
what is the club id of stud 1001 what is the club name of AKW what is the position of club id 1 | What do you mean by the position of club id 1 | in the table member of club
what is the club id of stud 1001 what is the club name of AKW what is the position of club id 1 | What do you mean by the position of club id 1 | in the table member of club what is the club name of HHH
what is the club id of stud 1001 what is the club name of AKW what is the position of club id 1 | What do you mean by the position of club id 1 | in the table member of club what is the club name of HHH Find the name of the club that has the most female students.
How much does the cheapest Hard drive go for ? | 240 is the price of the cheapest product whose name is Hard drive | and what of the cheapest memory ?
How much does the cheapest Hard drive go for ? | 240 is the price of the cheapest product whose name is Hard drive | and what of the cheapest memory ? Who is the manufacturer of the zip drive ?
How much does the cheapest Hard drive go for ? | 240 is the price of the cheapest product whose name is Hard drive | and what of the cheapest memory ? Who is the manufacturer of the zip drive ? And who manufactures the Hard drive ?
How much does the cheapest Hard drive go for ? | 240 is the price of the cheapest product whose name is Hard drive | and what of the cheapest memory ? Who is the manufacturer of the zip drive ? And who manufactures the Hard drive ? Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
How many gas stations opened after 2000 ?
How many gas stations opened after 2000 ? What 's the name of the manager that opened the most gas stations after 2000 ?
How many gas stations opened after 2000 ? What 's the name of the manager that opened the most gas stations after 2000 ? What are the locations of those ?
How many gas stations opened after 2000 ? What 's the name of the manager that opened the most gas stations after 2000 ? What are the locations of those ? What are the vice manager names of those locations ?
How many gas stations opened after 2000 ? What 's the name of the manager that opened the most gas stations after 2000 ? What are the locations of those ? What are the vice manager names of those locations ? What years did those open ?
How many gas stations opened after 2000 ? What 's the name of the manager that opened the most gas stations after 2000 ? What are the locations of those ? What are the vice manager names of those locations ? What years did those open ? Show the manager name with most number of gas stations opened after 2000.
Please find all the papers published by `` Aaron Turon '' ?
Please find all the papers published by `` Aaron Turon '' ? Please find all the papers published by `` Ralf Hinze '' ?
Please find all the papers published by `` Aaron Turon '' ? Please find all the papers published by `` Ralf Hinze '' ? Can you add the paper IDs of those to the table please ?
Please find all the papers published by `` Aaron Turon '' ? Please find all the papers published by `` Ralf Hinze '' ? Can you add the paper IDs of those to the table please ? What is the name of the author who wrote the most papers ? | Do you mean the fname or lname ? | Both please
Please find all the papers published by `` Aaron Turon '' ? Please find all the papers published by `` Ralf Hinze '' ? Can you add the paper IDs of those to the table please ? What is the name of the author who wrote the most papers ? | Do you mean the fname or lname ? | Both please What are the lname and fname of all authors that wrote exactly 1 paper ?
Please find all the papers published by `` Aaron Turon '' ? Please find all the papers published by `` Ralf Hinze '' ? Can you add the paper IDs of those to the table please ? What is the name of the author who wrote the most papers ? | Do you mean the fname or lname ? | Both please What are the lname and fname of all authors that wrote exactly 1 paper ? Find all the papers published by "Aaron Turon".
How many drivers have participated in 30 or fewer races ?
How many drivers have participated in 30 or fewer races ? What are the ID 's of those drivers ?
How many drivers have participated in 30 or fewer races ? What are the ID 's of those drivers ? How many races did each of these drivers participate in ?
How many drivers have participated in 30 or fewer races ? What are the ID 's of those drivers ? How many races did each of these drivers participate in ? How many of those drivers placed in the top 3 of any race ?
How many drivers have participated in 30 or fewer races ? What are the ID 's of those drivers ? How many races did each of these drivers participate in ? How many of those drivers placed in the top 3 of any race ? Find the driver id and number of races of all drivers who have at most participated in 30 races?
what is the claim that incurred most number of settlements ? | what do you want to know about this claim ? | what is the claim id ?
what is the claim that incurred most number of settlements ? | what do you want to know about this claim ? | what is the claim id ? what is the date that the claim was settled ?
what is the claim that incurred most number of settlements ? | what do you want to know about this claim ? | what is the claim id ? what is the date that the claim was settled ? Which claim incurred the most number of settlements? List the claim id, the date the claim was made, and the number.
please tell me the name of pilot | Did you mean all the names in the pilot ? | yes
please tell me the name of pilot | Did you mean all the names in the pilot ? | yes i need the pilot ID | Did you mean to show all of the pilot IDs ? | yes
please tell me the name of pilot | Did you mean all the names in the pilot ? | yes i need the pilot ID | Did you mean to show all of the pilot IDs ? | yes Show the fleet series of the aircrafts flied by pilots younger than 34
Could you give me the number of dorms for each gender ?
Could you give me the number of dorms for each gender ? What are the names of those dorms ?
Could you give me the number of dorms for each gender ? What are the names of those dorms ? What is the dorm name of the dorm with the smallest capacity ?
Could you give me the number of dorms for each gender ? What are the names of those dorms ? What is the dorm name of the dorm with the smallest capacity ? Find the number of dorms and total capacity for each gender.
show the minimum order quality of all invoices
show the minimum order quality of all invoices show the maximum order quality of all invoices
show the minimum order quality of all invoices show the maximum order quality of all invoices show the average order quantity of all invoices
show the minimum order quality of all invoices show the maximum order quality of all invoices show the average order quantity of all invoices show the order id , product id with order quantity
show the minimum order quality of all invoices show the maximum order quality of all invoices show the average order quantity of all invoices show the order id , product id with order quantity Show the minimum, average, maximum order quantity of all invoices.
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total employees are on this list ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total employees are on this list ? Very good ! Can display a list of all of the employees first names which contain a letter Z in their first name ? | which colums to return ? | Oh thanks ! You went ahead and added the last name and city ! Could you also add to this list which country each of these people live in ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total employees are on this list ? Very good ! Can display a list of all of the employees first names which contain a letter Z in their first name ? | which colums to return ? | Oh thanks ! You went ahead and added the last name and city ! Could you also add to this list which country each of these people live in ? Thanks ! That City and Country ID for Elizabeth is unusual ... Can you please show her street address and state province ?
Hello ! Can you tell me how many total employees are on this list ? Very good ! Can display a list of all of the employees first names which contain a letter Z in their first name ? | which colums to return ? | Oh thanks ! You went ahead and added the last name and city ! Could you also add to this list which country each of these people live in ? Thanks ! That City and Country ID for Elizabeth is unusual ... Can you please show her street address and state province ? display those employees who contain a letter z to their first name and also display their last name, city.
I would like to know the names of all the physicians
I would like to know the names of all the physicians wonderful , looks like nine total . approximately how many patients do each of them take care of ? | Would you like to know average patients corresponding to each physician ? | if you could please share the average total patient per physician the would be helpful .
I would like to know the names of all the physicians wonderful , looks like nine total . approximately how many patients do each of them take care of ? | Would you like to know average patients corresponding to each physician ? | if you could please share the average total patient per physician the would be helpful . which of the physicians have zero patients ?
I would like to know the names of all the physicians wonderful , looks like nine total . approximately how many patients do each of them take care of ? | Would you like to know average patients corresponding to each physician ? | if you could please share the average total patient per physician the would be helpful . which of the physicians have zero patients ? How many patients do each physician take care of? List their names and number of patients they take care of.
What are all church names ?
What are all church names ? How about church names for weddings of people older than 30 ?
What are all church names ? How about church names for weddings of people older than 30 ? What are their opening years ?
What are all church names ? How about church names for weddings of people older than 30 ? What are their opening years ? Show the church names for the weddings of all people older than 30.
Which enzyme names have the substring `` PBG '' ?
Which enzyme names have the substring `` PBG '' ? What is the product name of ALA synthase ?
Which enzyme names have the substring `` PBG '' ? What is the product name of ALA synthase ? Which enzyme names have the substring "ALA"?
How many hours does a goalie need to play to meet the minimum ?
How many hours does a goalie need to play to meet the minimum ? How many hours does a striker need to play to meet the minimum ?
How many hours does a goalie need to play to meet the minimum ? How many hours does a striker need to play to meet the minimum ? How many hours does a mid need to play to meet the minimum ?
How many hours does a goalie need to play to meet the minimum ? How many hours does a striker need to play to meet the minimum ? How many hours does a mid need to play to meet the minimum ? What is minimum hours of the students playing in different position?
how many customers are there ?
how many customers are there ? show all their names .
how many customers are there ? show all their names . please order them in alphabetical order .
how many customers are there ? show all their names . please order them in alphabetical order . Find the name of all customers whose name contains "Alex".
what is transactions type code ? | Did you want all of the transactions type code ? | yes
what is transactions type code ? | Did you want all of the transactions type code ? | yes what is the share count ?
what is transactions type code ? | Did you want all of the transactions type code ? | yes what is the share count ? Show the ids and details of the investors who have at least two transactions with type code "SALE".
How many artist are there ?
How many artist are there ? Can you list all songs that were released in March ? | Do you mean the songs name ? | Yes
How many artist are there ? Can you list all songs that were released in March ? | Do you mean the songs name ? | Yes Can you include the artist names and their genders too ?
How many artist are there ? Can you list all songs that were released in March ? | Do you mean the songs name ? | Yes Can you include the artist names and their genders too ? List the name and gender for all artists who released songs in March.
What is the school code for the accounting department ?
What is the school code for the accounting department ? What is the accounting department 's address ?
What is the school code for the accounting department ? What is the accounting department 's address ? Where is the professor of accounting 's office ?
What is the school code for the accounting department ? What is the accounting department 's address ? Where is the professor of accounting 's office ? What degree does the professor of account hold ?
What is the school code for the accounting department ? What is the accounting department 's address ? Where is the professor of accounting 's office ? What degree does the professor of account hold ? Where is the classroom located ?
What is the school code for the accounting department ? What is the accounting department 's address ? Where is the professor of accounting 's office ? What degree does the professor of account hold ? Where is the classroom located ? Find the first names of all professors in the Accounting department who is teaching some course and the class room.
What is the starting year of the oldest technician ?
What is the starting year of the oldest technician ? What is their name and team ? | what do you mean their ? could you give more info ? | What is the name of the oldest technician ?
What is the starting year of the oldest technician ? What is their name and team ? | what do you mean their ? could you give more info ? | What is the name of the oldest technician ? What is the starting year of the oldest technicians?
What are the names of the course authors who teach the course with the name `` operating system '' or `` data structure '' please ? | do you want to return their personal , middle , and family names ? | All of those , please ?
What are the names of the course authors who teach the course with the name `` operating system '' or `` data structure '' please ? | do you want to return their personal , middle , and family names ? | All of those , please ? What are their login names ?
What are the names of the course authors who teach the course with the name `` operating system '' or `` data structure '' please ? | do you want to return their personal , middle , and family names ? | All of those , please ? What are their login names ? What are the full names of the course authors who teach the course with the name `` advanced database '' please ?
What are the names of the course authors who teach the course with the name `` operating system '' or `` data structure '' please ? | do you want to return their personal , middle , and family names ? | All of those , please ? What are their login names ? What are the full names of the course authors who teach the course with the name `` advanced database '' please ? Find the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name "operating system" or "data structure".
Show the times of elimination by `` Punk '' or `` Orton '' .
Show the times of elimination by `` Punk '' or `` Orton '' . And by `` Benjamin '' ?
Show the times of elimination by `` Punk '' or `` Orton '' . And by `` Benjamin '' ? What was the average elimination time of all teams ?
Show the times of elimination by `` Punk '' or `` Orton '' . And by `` Benjamin '' ? What was the average elimination time of all teams ? Show the times of elimination by "Punk" or "Orton".
Which station has the greatest number of traims ?
Which station has the greatest number of traims ? Whats the total passengers london waterloo has ?
Which station has the greatest number of traims ? Whats the total passengers london waterloo has ? Whats the number of platforms do london waterloo has ?
Which station has the greatest number of traims ? Whats the total passengers london waterloo has ? Whats the number of platforms do london waterloo has ? Where is it located ?
Which station has the greatest number of traims ? Whats the total passengers london waterloo has ? Whats the number of platforms do london waterloo has ? Where is it located ? Show the station name with greatest number of trains.
Tell me the party email of the party with id 1 ?
Tell me the party email of the party with id 1 ? Tell me the party phone of the party id 2 ?
Tell me the party email of the party with id 1 ? Tell me the party phone of the party id 2 ? Tell me the service id of the customer id 10 ?
Tell me the party email of the party with id 1 ? Tell me the party phone of the party id 2 ? Tell me the service id of the customer id 10 ? Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times ?
Tell me the party email of the party with id 1 ? Tell me the party phone of the party id 2 ? Tell me the service id of the customer id 10 ? Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times ? Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times?
Can you give me the names of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star ?
Can you give me the names of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star ? Can you show me the years of those movies as well ?
Can you give me the names of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star ? Can you show me the years of those movies as well ? How about their directors ?
Can you give me the names of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star ? Can you show me the years of those movies as well ? How about their directors ? Can you add rating stars too ?
Can you give me the names of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star ? Can you show me the years of those movies as well ? How about their directors ? Can you add rating stars too ? Can you please tell me the average stars as well ?
Can you give me the names of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star ? Can you show me the years of those movies as well ? How about their directors ? Can you add rating stars too ? Can you please tell me the average stars as well ? What are the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star?
How many customers are there ?
How many customers are there ? When did the last customer come ?
How many customers are there ? When did the last customer come ? How about the first ?
How many customers are there ? When did the last customer come ? How about the first ? Can you show me the names of the first five customers ?
How many customers are there ? When did the last customer come ? How about the first ? Can you show me the names of the first five customers ? Find the name of the first 5 customers.
WHAT IS ROOM ID OF MODERN DECOR ?
WHAT IS ROOM ID OF MODERN DECOR ? OK .HOW MANY ROOMS IN KING BED TYPE ?
WHAT IS ROOM ID OF MODERN DECOR ? OK .HOW MANY ROOMS IN KING BED TYPE ? WHAT IS ROOM NAME of rooms that have a king bed . ?
WHAT IS ROOM ID OF MODERN DECOR ? OK .HOW MANY ROOMS IN KING BED TYPE ? WHAT IS ROOM NAME of rooms that have a king bed . ? List the names and decor of rooms that have a king bed. Sort the list by their price.
What policies does Dayana Robel have ? | Do you mean the policy types of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? | yes
What policies does Dayana Robel have ? | Do you mean the policy types of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? | yes What is it 's phone number ?
What policies does Dayana Robel have ? | Do you mean the policy types of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? | yes What is it 's phone number ? And on which date was this policy opened ?
What policies does Dayana Robel have ? | Do you mean the policy types of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? | yes What is it 's phone number ? And on which date was this policy opened ? What are all the policy types of the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What are some parties with theme `` Spring '' ?
What are some parties with theme `` Spring '' ? What are the first year and last year of the parties with theme `` Teqnology ''
What are some parties with theme `` Spring '' ? What are the first year and last year of the parties with theme `` Teqnology '' OK , can you show me the first year and last year of parties with theme of both `` Spring '' and `` Teqnology '' ?
What are some parties with theme `` Spring '' ? What are the first year and last year of the parties with theme `` Teqnology '' OK , can you show me the first year and last year of parties with theme of both `` Spring '' and `` Teqnology '' ? Show the first year and last year of parties with theme "Spring" or "Teqnology".
give me the name of the wineries
give me the name of the wineries how many wineries have at least 4 wines ?
give me the name of the wineries how many wineries have at least 4 wines ? can you tell me the names of those wineries ?
give me the name of the wineries how many wineries have at least 4 wines ? can you tell me the names of those wineries ? Find the wineries that have at least four wines.
What are the average invoice sizes of each country ?
What are the average invoice sizes of each country ? What was the country that had the highest invoice size ?
What are the average invoice sizes of each country ? What was the country that had the highest invoice size ? What are the top 10 countries with the highest invoice size along with their amount ?
What are the average invoice sizes of each country ? What was the country that had the highest invoice size ? What are the top 10 countries with the highest invoice size along with their amount ? A list of the top 10 countries by average invoice size. List country name and average invoice size.
Which building has a room with highest capacity ?
Which building has a room with highest capacity ? How many credits is `` Accounting '' worth ?
Which building has a room with highest capacity ? How many credits is `` Accounting '' worth ? And what is the capacity of the Whitman room ?
Which building has a room with highest capacity ? How many credits is `` Accounting '' worth ? And what is the capacity of the Whitman room ? What is the title and credits of the course that is taught in the largest classroom (with the highest capacity)?
What is the overall average amount of transactions ?
What is the overall average amount of transactions ? How about average amount of transaction for different lots ?
What is the overall average amount of transactions ? How about average amount of transaction for different lots ? Which lot has the highest average transaction amount ?
What is the overall average amount of transactions ? How about average amount of transaction for different lots ? Which lot has the highest average transaction amount ? What about the lowest average ?
What is the overall average amount of transactions ? How about average amount of transaction for different lots ? Which lot has the highest average transaction amount ? What about the lowest average ? Show the average amount of transactions for different lots, ordered by average amount of transactions.
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with Firefox .
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with Firefox . What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browsers that have a market share higher than 15 .
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with Firefox . What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browsers that have a market share higher than 15 . What distinct accelerator names have been compatible since at least 1996 .
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with Firefox . What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browsers that have a market share higher than 15 . What distinct accelerator names have been compatible since at least 1996 . Out of these accelerators which are compatible with browsers that have a market share higher than 25 .
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with Firefox . What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browsers that have a market share higher than 15 . What distinct accelerator names have been compatible since at least 1996 . Out of these accelerators which are compatible with browsers that have a market share higher than 25 . What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browswers that have market share higher than 15?
what are the name of the countries who have participated in both the friendly and tournament type competitions
what are the name of the countries who have participated in both the friendly and tournament type competitions what is the competition id of the country | Can you clarify ? The competition id is not unique to a country . | list all the competition id for russia
what are the name of the countries who have participated in both the friendly and tournament type competitions what is the competition id of the country | Can you clarify ? The competition id is not unique to a country . | list all the competition id for russia include the year in the table
what are the name of the countries who have participated in both the friendly and tournament type competitions what is the competition id of the country | Can you clarify ? The competition id is not unique to a country . | list all the competition id for russia include the year in the table which countries did participated in both Friendly and Tournament type competitions.
how many city there
how many city there how many regional population in Hangzhou city
how many city there how many regional population in Hangzhou city what is the city id of Nanjing
how many city there how many regional population in Hangzhou city what is the city id of Nanjing Which city has the highest temperature in February?
list all the sales details
list all the sales details list the details of the purchases
list all the sales details list the details of the purchases prepare a table with both the sales and purchase details
list all the sales details list the details of the purchases prepare a table with both the sales and purchase details include sales and purchase id in the list
list all the sales details list the details of the purchases prepare a table with both the sales and purchase details include sales and purchase id in the list What are the details of all sales and purchases?
What is the average age of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ?
What is the average age of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ? What are the average number of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ?
What is the average age of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ? What are the average number of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ? What are the names of the students from ATL ? | Here are the first and last names of the student from ATL | What is his age ?
What is the average age of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ? What are the average number of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ? What are the names of the students from ATL ? | Here are the first and last names of the student from ATL | What is his age ? What is the average age of all the female students ( sex with F ) from each city ?
What is the average age of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ? What are the average number of all the male students ( sex with M ) from each city ? What are the names of the students from ATL ? | Here are the first and last names of the student from ATL | What is his age ? What is the average age of all the female students ( sex with F ) from each city ? Find the average age and number of male students (with sex M) from each city.
How many teachers are there ?
How many teachers are there ? How many of them involve in detention ?
How many teachers are there ? How many of them involve in detention ? Can you show me a list of teachers that are not involve in detention ?
How many teachers are there ? How many of them involve in detention ? Can you show me a list of teachers that are not involve in detention ? Can you also include their id ?
How many teachers are there ? How many of them involve in detention ? Can you show me a list of teachers that are not involve in detention ? Can you also include their id ? Find the last names of teachers who are not involved in any detention.
What are the IDs of problems that the staff member Dameon Frami reported ?
What are the IDs of problems that the staff member Dameon Frami reported ? What are the IDs of problems that the staff member Jolie Weber reported ?
What are the IDs of problems that the staff member Dameon Frami reported ? What are the IDs of problems that the staff member Jolie Weber reported ? What is the most common problem ID reported by all staff ?
What are the IDs of problems that the staff member Dameon Frami reported ? What are the IDs of problems that the staff member Jolie Weber reported ? What is the most common problem ID reported by all staff ? What are the id of problems reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber?
how many students have not enrolled in any courses
how many students have not enrolled in any courses please check the table once more for the name of students not enrolled in any course | Do you need those students ' Fname or Lname ? | i need the students first name
how many students have not enrolled in any courses please check the table once more for the name of students not enrolled in any course | Do you need those students ' Fname or Lname ? | i need the students first name list the first name and last name of students with grade A
how many students have not enrolled in any courses please check the table once more for the name of students not enrolled in any course | Do you need those students ' Fname or Lname ? | i need the students first name list the first name and last name of students with grade A WHAT IS THE ID OF THESE STUDENTS
how many students have not enrolled in any courses please check the table once more for the name of students not enrolled in any course | Do you need those students ' Fname or Lname ? | i need the students first name list the first name and last name of students with grade A WHAT IS THE ID OF THESE STUDENTS Find the first name of students not enrolled in any course.
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin ?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin ? What about in New York City ?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin ? What about in New York City ? What about Salt Lake City ?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin ? What about in New York City ? What about Salt Lake City ? What are their names ?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin ? What about in New York City ? What about Salt Lake City ? What are their names ? What are the names of the people with no friends in New York City ?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin ? What about in New York City ? What about Salt Lake City ? What are their names ? What are the names of the people with no friends in New York City ? How many people in New York City have friends ?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin ? What about in New York City ? What about Salt Lake City ? What are their names ? What are the names of the people with no friends in New York City ? How many people in New York City have friends ? What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin.
Could you give me the names of all phones ?
Could you give me the names of all phones ? How about only the phones with more than 2000 units in stock ?
Could you give me the names of all phones ? How about only the phones with more than 2000 units in stock ? Great ! Can you put them in descending order of total number of stock ?
Could you give me the names of all phones ? How about only the phones with more than 2000 units in stock ? Great ! Can you put them in descending order of total number of stock ? Show the names of phones that have total number of stocks bigger than 2000, in descending order of the total number of stocks.
What are the top three total number of passengers ?
What are the top three total number of passengers ? What are the names and main services for train stations for these ?
What are the top three total number of passengers ? What are the names and main services for train stations for these ? What about the names and main services for the train stations with the least 3 number of passengers ?
What are the top three total number of passengers ? What are the names and main services for train stations for these ? What about the names and main services for the train stations with the least 3 number of passengers ? Show the names and main services for train stations that have the top three total number of passengers.
what is the color code of product name `` chervil '' ?
what is the color code of product name `` chervil '' ? what is the color description of it ?
what is the color code of product name `` chervil '' ? what is the color description of it ? What is the product id of it ?
what is the color code of product name `` chervil '' ? what is the color description of it ? What is the product id of it ? What is the color code and description of the product named "chervil"?
Show me the instructor ID associated with the History department . | Do you mean the ids of the instructors who advises of all students from History department ? | Yes , what is the answer to your question ?
Show me the instructor ID associated with the History department . | Do you mean the ids of the instructors who advises of all students from History department ? | Yes , what is the answer to your question ? How many instructors advising of students from the history department ?
Show me the instructor ID associated with the History department . | Do you mean the ids of the instructors who advises of all students from History department ? | Yes , what is the answer to your question ? How many instructors advising of students from the history department ? What is the id of the instructor who advises of all students from History department?
List all the room names .
List all the room names . List all the room names with 2 beds .
List all the room names . List all the room names with 2 beds . List all the room names booked with 1 adult .
List all the room names . List all the room names with 2 beds . List all the room names booked with 1 adult . List all the room names booked with 1 adult and their check in date .
List all the room names . List all the room names with 2 beds . List all the room names booked with 1 adult . List all the room names booked with 1 adult and their check in date . List all the room names booked with 1 adult and a check in date in October .
List all the room names . List all the room names with 2 beds . List all the room names booked with 1 adult . List all the room names booked with 1 adult and their check in date . List all the room names booked with 1 adult and a check in date in October . List the names of rooms booked by a customer whose first name is Roy .
List all the room names . List all the room names with 2 beds . List all the room names booked with 1 adult . List all the room names booked with 1 adult and their check in date . List all the room names booked with 1 adult and a check in date in October . List the names of rooms booked by a customer whose first name is Roy . Find the name of rooms booked by some customers whose first name contains ROY.
Hello there ! Thank you for taking the time to work with me ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different activity names ?
Hello there ! Thank you for taking the time to work with me ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different activity names ? Can you filter that list to show the activity with the most student participants ?
Hello there ! Thank you for taking the time to work with me ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different activity names ? Can you filter that list to show the activity with the most student participants ? Great ! Can you tell me how many students in total participated in football ?
Hello there ! Thank you for taking the time to work with me ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the different activity names ? Can you filter that list to show the activity with the most student participants ? Great ! Can you tell me how many students in total participated in football ? What is the name of the activity with the most students?
How many hotels have a price of over 10000 ?
How many hotels have a price of over 10000 ? What are the maximum number of stars a hotel with price above 10000 can get ?
How many hotels have a price of over 10000 ? What are the maximum number of stars a hotel with price above 10000 can get ? What are the star rating descriptions of these hotels ? | You mean the hotels with price above 10000 ? | Yes . The ones we 've been talking about .
How many hotels have a price of over 10000 ? What are the maximum number of stars a hotel with price above 10000 can get ? What are the star rating descriptions of these hotels ? | You mean the hotels with price above 10000 ? | Yes . The ones we 've been talking about . What are the star rating descriptions of the hotels with price above 10000?
I want to know advisor with the most number of students
I want to know advisor with the most number of students What about the advisor with the least number of students
I want to know advisor with the most number of students What about the advisor with the least number of students Could you tell me the names of both advisors with the most and the least number of students ?
I want to know advisor with the most number of students What about the advisor with the least number of students Could you tell me the names of both advisors with the most and the least number of students ? Which advisor has most number of students?
Where were these festivals held ?
Where were these festivals held ? Who was the chair of the LA Awards ?
Where were these festivals held ? Who was the chair of the LA Awards ? How many people attended the LA Awards in 2010 ?
Where were these festivals held ? Who was the chair of the LA Awards ? How many people attended the LA Awards in 2010 ? Show the names of the three most recent festivals.
What are the names of the products with the category `` Herbs '' please ?
What are the names of the products with the category `` Herbs '' please ? What are their color descriptions ?
What are the names of the products with the category `` Herbs '' please ? What are their color descriptions ? What are their product descriptions ?
What are the names of the products with the category `` Herbs '' please ? What are their color descriptions ? What are their product descriptions ? What are their typical selling prices ?
What are the names of the products with the category `` Herbs '' please ? What are their color descriptions ? What are their product descriptions ? What are their typical selling prices ? What is the average typical buying price ?
What are the names of the products with the category `` Herbs '' please ? What are their color descriptions ? What are their product descriptions ? What are their typical selling prices ? What is the average typical buying price ? List the names, color descriptions and product descriptions of products with category "Herbs".
Show me the medicine name which can interact as 'inhibitor ' ?
Show me the medicine name which can interact as 'inhibitor ' ? Show me the medicine name which can interact as 'activitor ' with enzymes ?
Show me the medicine name which can interact as 'inhibitor ' ? Show me the medicine name which can interact as 'activitor ' with enzymes ? Show me the name of the medicines that are present in both the tables ?
Show me the medicine name which can interact as 'inhibitor ' ? Show me the medicine name which can interact as 'activitor ' with enzymes ? Show me the name of the medicines that are present in both the tables ? List the medicine name and trade name which can both interact as 'inhibitor' and 'activitor' with enzymes.
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all customer IDs for customers not located in the state of California ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all customer IDs for customers not located in the state of California ? Thanks ! Can you update this list to show both the city name and state associated with each of these customers ?
Hi there ! Can you show me a list of all customer IDs for customers not located in the state of California ? Thanks ! Can you update this list to show both the city name and state associated with each of these customers ? Find the names of customers who are not living in the state of California.
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different product type codes ?
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different product type codes ? Nice ! Can you filter this list to show the Product Type Codes for the entries which have either a product price higher than 4500 or a product price lower than 3000 ?
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different product type codes ? Nice ! Can you filter this list to show the Product Type Codes for the entries which have either a product price higher than 4500 or a product price lower than 3000 ? Awesome ! What product price is associated with the Product Type Code of `` food '' ?
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the different product type codes ? Nice ! Can you filter this list to show the Product Type Codes for the entries which have either a product price higher than 4500 or a product price lower than 3000 ? Awesome ! What product price is associated with the Product Type Code of `` food '' ? Show the product type codes that have both products with price higher than 4500 and products with price lower than 3000.
Who are the entrepreneurs requesting money | What attributes would you like to know about the entrepreneurs raising money ? | What are the entrepreneur 's weights
Who are the entrepreneurs requesting money | What attributes would you like to know about the entrepreneurs raising money ? | What are the entrepreneur 's weights What are the entrepreneurs names associated with those weights ? Thanks .
Who are the entrepreneurs requesting money | What attributes would you like to know about the entrepreneurs raising money ? | What are the entrepreneur 's weights What are the entrepreneurs names associated with those weights ? Thanks . What company is each entrepreneur associated with ?
Who are the entrepreneurs requesting money | What attributes would you like to know about the entrepreneurs raising money ? | What are the entrepreneur 's weights What are the entrepreneurs names associated with those weights ? Thanks . What company is each entrepreneur associated with ? Which entrepreneur has the highest weight ? Thanks ! | What attribute would you like to know about the entrepreneur with the highest weight ? | I would like to know the name of the entrepreneur with the highest weight .
Who are the entrepreneurs requesting money | What attributes would you like to know about the entrepreneurs raising money ? | What are the entrepreneur 's weights What are the entrepreneurs names associated with those weights ? Thanks . What company is each entrepreneur associated with ? Which entrepreneur has the highest weight ? Thanks ! | What attribute would you like to know about the entrepreneur with the highest weight ? | I would like to know the name of the entrepreneur with the highest weight . What are the weights of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the service names ?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the service names ? Thank you very much for that ! Could you please filter this list to show only the Service Names which occur more than once on the First Notification of Loss table ?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the service names ? Thank you very much for that ! Could you please filter this list to show only the Service Names which occur more than once on the First Notification of Loss table ? My apologies ! I meant to ask for the list to be filtered to show only the Service Names which occur more than 2 times on the First_Notification_of_Loss table ?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the service names ? Thank you very much for that ! Could you please filter this list to show only the Service Names which occur more than once on the First Notification of Loss table ? My apologies ! I meant to ask for the list to be filtered to show only the Service Names which occur more than 2 times on the First_Notification_of_Loss table ? Awesome ! Can you show me how many times New policy application has been used ?
Hello there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the service names ? Thank you very much for that ! Could you please filter this list to show only the Service Names which occur more than once on the First Notification of Loss table ? My apologies ! I meant to ask for the list to be filtered to show only the Service Names which occur more than 2 times on the First_Notification_of_Loss table ? Awesome ! Can you show me how many times New policy application has been used ? Find the name of services that have been used for more than 2 times in first notification of loss.
Show me the location ID of the Tourist Attraction ID 2113 ?
Show me the location ID of the Tourist Attraction ID 2113 ? Show the transportation method least people choose to get to tourist attractions .
Show me the location ID of the Tourist Attraction ID 2113 ? Show the transportation method least people choose to get to tourist attractions . Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions ?
Show me the location ID of the Tourist Attraction ID 2113 ? Show the transportation method least people choose to get to tourist attractions . Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions ? Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions.
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city Which year were those branches opened ?
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city Which year were those branches opened ? Cities that were opened before 2010 | Ah , I can not understand . Do you mean cities that have branches opened before 2010 ? | Give me names of branches opened before 2010
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city Which year were those branches opened ? Cities that were opened before 2010 | Ah , I can not understand . Do you mean cities that have branches opened before 2010 ? | Give me names of branches opened before 2010 Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city.
Hello , what is the total number of bookings ?
Hello , what is the total number of bookings ? Perfect , and how many different customers were there ?
Hello , what is the total number of bookings ? Perfect , and how many different customers were there ? Awesome ! And finally , can you list the customer id , first name , and total bookings of each customer ?
Hello , what is the total number of bookings ? Perfect , and how many different customers were there ? Awesome ! And finally , can you list the customer id , first name , and total bookings of each customer ? How many bookings did each customer make? List the customer id, first name, and the count.
What is the average price of all products ?
What is the average price of all products ? What are the product names that have a price higher than the average ?
What is the average price of all products ? What are the product names that have a price higher than the average ? How many products have a price higher than the average ?
What is the average price of all products ? What are the product names that have a price higher than the average ? How many products have a price higher than the average ? How many products have a price higher than the average?
how many storms caused damage to any regions ?
how many storms caused damage to any regions ? how many of the storms caused damage to at least two regions ?
how many storms caused damage to any regions ? how many of the storms caused damage to at least two regions ? Show storm name with at least two regions and 10 cities affected.
is there any person who has no student friends
is there any person who has no student friends is there any person friend for this persons
is there any person who has no student friends is there any person friend for this persons ok , list the name of the person who has no student friend in ascending order
is there any person who has no student friends is there any person friend for this persons ok , list the name of the person who has no student friend in ascending order Find the name of the person who has no student friends.
what is the lname of linda
what is the lname of linda what is the age of linda
what is the lname of linda what is the age of linda what is the age of kim
what is the lname of linda what is the age of linda what is the age of kim what is the sex of age 18
what is the lname of linda what is the age of linda what is the age of kim what is the sex of age 18 Show the average, minimum, and maximum age for different majors.
Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories smaller than 32 ?
Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories smaller than 32 ? Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories bigger than 64 ?
Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories smaller than 32 ? Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories bigger than 64 ? Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories smaller than 32 and bigger than 64 ?
Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories smaller than 32 ? Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories bigger than 64 ? Can you show me the carriers that have phones with memories smaller than 32 and bigger than 64 ? Show the carriers that have both phones with memory smaller than 32 and phones with memory bigger than 64.
what are the items with highest average rating | Do you mean the the title of the item with the highest average rating ? | yes , title of the item with highest average rating
what are the items with highest average rating | Do you mean the the title of the item with the highest average rating ? | yes , title of the item with highest average rating what is the id of cup
what are the items with highest average rating | Do you mean the the title of the item with the highest average rating ? | yes , title of the item with highest average rating what is the id of cup Find the name and id of the item with the highest average rating.
how many employees there
how many employees there how many English professors there
how many employees there how many English professors there what is the prof high degree of department HIST
how many employees there how many English professors there what is the prof high degree of department HIST Find the first names and offices of all professors sorted by alphabetical order of their first name.
Can you tell me which product has the greatest height ? | Which attribute of product do you want ? | Can you please show me the catalog entry name ?
Can you tell me which product has the greatest height ? | Which attribute of product do you want ? | Can you please show me the catalog entry name ? What is the catalog entry id and product stock number for Cola ?
Can you tell me which product has the greatest height ? | Which attribute of product do you want ? | Can you please show me the catalog entry name ? What is the catalog entry id and product stock number for Cola ? What is the product with the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
How many drama workshop groups are in Feliciaberg City ?
How many drama workshop groups are in Feliciaberg City ? What is the group 's name ?
How many drama workshop groups are in Feliciaberg City ? What is the group 's name ? In what state is it located ?
How many drama workshop groups are in Feliciaberg City ? What is the group 's name ? In what state is it located ? What is the exact address ? | Do you mean line 1 of address ? | yes
How many drama workshop groups are in Feliciaberg City ? What is the group 's name ? In what state is it located ? What is the exact address ? | Do you mean line 1 of address ? | yes What are the names of the drama workshop groups with address in Feliciaberg city?
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course id .
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course id . Find the names of all instructors in the Art department
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course id . Find the names of all instructors in the Art department Find the instructor id of all instructors in the Statistics department
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course id . Find the names of all instructors in the Art department Find the instructor id of all instructors in the Statistics department Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course_id.
How many student are involved in any kind of accident ?
How many student are involved in any kind of accident ? How about student not involved in any kind of incident ?
How many student are involved in any kind of accident ? How about student not involved in any kind of incident ? And what are their names ?
How many student are involved in any kind of accident ? How about student not involved in any kind of incident ? And what are their names ? How many students are not involved in any behavior incident?
how many orders are there
how many orders are there find the ten customers with the most total orders
how many orders are there find the ten customers with the most total orders how many orders do each of them have ?
how many orders are there find the ten customers with the most total orders how many orders do each of them have ? how many customers are there
how many orders are there find the ten customers with the most total orders how many orders do each of them have ? how many customers are there how many customers have 7 or more orders
how many orders are there find the ten customers with the most total orders how many orders do each of them have ? how many customers are there how many customers have 7 or more orders Find out the top 10 customers by total number of orders. List customers' first and last name and the number of total orders.
how many country participate in the market ?
how many country participate in the market ? how many directors of the films never presented in china ?
how many country participate in the market ? how many directors of the films never presented in china ? how many titles were never presented in china ?
how many country participate in the market ? how many directors of the films never presented in china ? how many titles were never presented in china ? What are the titles and directors of the films were never presented in China?
WHAT IS LAST NAME OF THE STAFF WHO HAS HANDLED THE FIRST EVER COMPLAINT ?
WHAT IS LAST NAME OF THE STAFF WHO HAS HANDLED THE FIRST EVER COMPLAINT ? THE FIRST NAME OF THE STAFF WHO HAS HANDLED THE LAST COMPLAINT
WHAT IS LAST NAME OF THE STAFF WHO HAS HANDLED THE FIRST EVER COMPLAINT ? THE FIRST NAME OF THE STAFF WHO HAS HANDLED THE LAST COMPLAINT What is the last name of the staff who has handled the first ever complaint?
What is the lowest duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ?
What is the lowest duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ? What is the highest duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ?
What is the lowest duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ? What is the highest duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ? What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ?
What is the lowest duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ? What is the highest duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ? What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800 ? What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800?
Which artist has the most albums ?
Which artist has the most albums ? Which artist has the lowest albums ? | Did you mean which artist has the least number of albums ? | Yes , I mean it . which artist has the least number of albums ?
Which artist has the most albums ? Which artist has the lowest albums ? | Did you mean which artist has the least number of albums ? | Yes , I mean it . which artist has the least number of albums ? Can you tell me the artist ID number of the Iron Maiden ?
Which artist has the most albums ? Which artist has the lowest albums ? | Did you mean which artist has the least number of albums ? | Yes , I mean it . which artist has the least number of albums ? Can you tell me the artist ID number of the Iron Maiden ? Can you tell me the artist ID number of the Aaron Copland & London Symphony Orchestra .
Which artist has the most albums ? Which artist has the lowest albums ? | Did you mean which artist has the least number of albums ? | Yes , I mean it . which artist has the least number of albums ? Can you tell me the artist ID number of the Iron Maiden ? Can you tell me the artist ID number of the Aaron Copland & London Symphony Orchestra . Which artist has the most albums?
I want to know the names of advisors available
I want to know the names of advisors available Could you tell me the names of advisors for female students ?
I want to know the names of advisors available Could you tell me the names of advisors for female students ? What about the name of the advisor for the student named Linda Smith ?
I want to know the names of advisors available Could you tell me the names of advisors for female students ? What about the name of the advisor for the student named Linda Smith ? What are the first name and last name of Linda Smith's advisor?
How many rooms are there ?
How many rooms are there ? What are their prices ?
How many rooms are there ? What are their prices ? What is the id of the room with a base price of 250 ?
How many rooms are there ? What are their prices ? What is the id of the room with a base price of 250 ? What is the name of that room ?
How many rooms are there ? What are their prices ? What is the id of the room with a base price of 250 ? What is the name of that room ? Find the id and name of the most expensive base price room.
How many events are there ?
How many events are there ? Can you list the ids of them by the numer of people attended ? | Do you want to list them in ascending order or descending order ? | Descending please
How many events are there ? Can you list the ids of them by the numer of people attended ? | Do you want to list them in ascending order or descending order ? | Descending please Can you please also include their names and the number of peole attended ?
How many events are there ? Can you list the ids of them by the numer of people attended ? | Do you want to list them in ascending order or descending order ? | Descending please Can you please also include their names and the number of peole attended ? List the event venues and names that have the top 2 most number of people attended.
how many school are presented on the table
how many school are presented on the table list out the school name
how many school are presented on the table list out the school name what is the location of bremen
how many school are presented on the table list out the school name what is the location of bremen Show the average, maximum, minimum enrollment of all schools.
How many male faculties live in NEB ?
How many male faculties live in NEB ? What is the rank of Mark Giuliano ?
How many male faculties live in NEB ? What is the rank of Mark Giuliano ? How many of the faculties are the rank of professors ?
How many male faculties live in NEB ? What is the rank of Mark Giuliano ? How many of the faculties are the rank of professors ? Find the first names and last names of male (sex is M) faculties who live in building NEB.
Which courses ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010 ?
Which courses ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010 ? What building is the Spring 2010 course located ?
Which courses ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010 ? What building is the Spring 2010 course located ? Which building housed section ID 443 ? | You mean course id or section id ? | Section ID
Which courses ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010 ? What building is the Spring 2010 course located ? Which building housed section ID 443 ? | You mean course id or section id ? | Section ID Which building housed course ID 443 ?
Which courses ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010 ? What building is the Spring 2010 course located ? Which building housed section ID 443 ? | You mean course id or section id ? | Section ID Which building housed course ID 443 ? Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010.
List the author ids listed more than once in the courses
List the author ids listed more than once in the courses Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses .
List the author ids listed more than once in the courses Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses . How about those who teaches at least one course ?
List the author ids listed more than once in the courses Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses . How about those who teaches at least one course ? Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses.
Could you please list the first and last names of all the customers that have at least two cards ?
Could you please list the first and last names of all the customers that have at least two cards ? Please add their IDs into the table ?
Could you please list the first and last names of all the customers that have at least two cards ? Please add their IDs into the table ? What are the addresses of all the customers with credit cards ?
Could you please list the first and last names of all the customers that have at least two cards ? Please add their IDs into the table ? What are the addresses of all the customers with credit cards ? What is the email of the customer that has the credit card with the earliest date valid from ?
Could you please list the first and last names of all the customers that have at least two cards ? Please add their IDs into the table ? What are the addresses of all the customers with credit cards ? What is the email of the customer that has the credit card with the earliest date valid from ? Show id, first and last names for all customers with at least two cards.
I want to know the payment methods available
I want to know the payment methods available How many customers use credit credit card as a means of payment ?
I want to know the payment methods available How many customers use credit credit card as a means of payment ? What about Cash ?
I want to know the payment methods available How many customers use credit credit card as a means of payment ? What about Cash ? And Cheque ?
I want to know the payment methods available How many customers use credit credit card as a means of payment ? What about Cash ? And Cheque ? Which payment method is used by most customers?
what is the name of the dorms with capacity of greeter than 300
what is the name of the dorms with capacity of greeter than 300 what are the dorm ids ?
what is the name of the dorms with capacity of greeter than 300 what are the dorm ids ? whats the student capacity ?
what is the name of the dorms with capacity of greeter than 300 what are the dorm ids ? whats the student capacity ? Find the name and gender type of the dorms whose capacity is greater than 300 or less than 100.
Please show me a list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices . List country name .
Please show me a list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices . List country name . OK ! Can you also show me the number of invoices for these 5 countries .
Please show me a list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices . List country name . OK ! Can you also show me the number of invoices for these 5 countries . May I also see the names of bottom 5 countries by number of invoices . Please show me country names and number of invoices .
Please show me a list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices . List country name . OK ! Can you also show me the number of invoices for these 5 countries . May I also see the names of bottom 5 countries by number of invoices . Please show me country names and number of invoices . Can you show me the postal codes for these countries .
Please show me a list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices . List country name . OK ! Can you also show me the number of invoices for these 5 countries . May I also see the names of bottom 5 countries by number of invoices . Please show me country names and number of invoices . Can you show me the postal codes for these countries . A list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices. List country name and number of invoices.
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF , please ?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF , please ? How many other films have that same genre name ?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF , please ? How many other films have that same genre name ? Of those films , which ones have the special features Deleted Scenes ?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF , please ? How many other films have that same genre name ? Of those films , which ones have the special features Deleted Scenes ? What about the special features Trailers ?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF , please ? How many other films have that same genre name ? Of those films , which ones have the special features Deleted Scenes ? What about the special features Trailers ? What about films of the genre Action ?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF , please ? How many other films have that same genre name ? Of those films , which ones have the special features Deleted Scenes ? What about the special features Trailers ? What about films of the genre Action ? What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF?
Can you tell me the player id of each player with the letter 'a ' in their name ?
Can you tell me the player id of each player with the letter 'a ' in their name ? How many of those players have a yes card ?
Can you tell me the player id of each player with the letter 'a ' in their name ? How many of those players have a yes card ? What are those players ' names ?
Can you tell me the player id of each player with the letter 'a ' in their name ? How many of those players have a yes card ? What are those players ' names ? Find the players whose names contain letter 'a'.
Can you show me the customer names that have an invoice ?
Can you show me the customer names that have an invoice ? Hmm , I want to know all the customer names that live in Brazil and have an invoice . | Here are the distinct first names of all the customer that live in Brazil and have an invoice . | Can you also list their customer ids ?
Can you show me the customer names that have an invoice ? Hmm , I want to know all the customer names that live in Brazil and have an invoice . | Here are the distinct first names of all the customer that live in Brazil and have an invoice . | Can you also list their customer ids ? Find the first names of all customers that live in Brazil and have an invoice.
Find the name of the amenities that Smith Hall dorm has .
Find the name of the amenities that Smith Hall dorm has . Order that by amenity name please ?
Find the name of the amenities that Smith Hall dorm has . Order that by amenity name please ? What are the amenity id of those ?
Find the name of the amenities that Smith Hall dorm has . Order that by amenity name please ? What are the amenity id of those ? What dorm id have the amenity id 901 ?
Find the name of the amenities that Smith Hall dorm has . Order that by amenity name please ? What are the amenity id of those ? What dorm id have the amenity id 901 ? What dorm id have the amenity id 904 ?
Find the name of the amenities that Smith Hall dorm has . Order that by amenity name please ? What are the amenity id of those ? What dorm id have the amenity id 901 ? What dorm id have the amenity id 904 ? What dorm id have the amenity id 922 ?
Find the name of the amenities that Smith Hall dorm has . Order that by amenity name please ? What are the amenity id of those ? What dorm id have the amenity id 901 ? What dorm id have the amenity id 904 ? What dorm id have the amenity id 922 ? Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have. ordered the results by amenity names.
How many author are in the workshop altogether
How many author are in the workshop altogether Give me the names of all the authors .
How many author are in the workshop altogether Give me the names of all the authors . How many workshops did each author submitted to
How many author are in the workshop altogether Give me the names of all the authors . How many workshops did each author submitted to Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to.
What is the average transaction amount ?
What is the average transaction amount ? What is the total transaction amount ?
What is the average transaction amount ? What is the total transaction amount ? What is the average and total transaction amount?
how many Catalog Contents there
how many Catalog Contents there what is the parent entry id of cola
how many Catalog Contents there what is the parent entry id of cola what is the product stock number of Cream Soda
how many Catalog Contents there what is the parent entry id of cola what is the product stock number of Cream Soda What is the entry name of the most expensive catalog (in USD)?
What is the color description of the product with the name `` catnip '' ?
What is the color description of the product with the name `` catnip '' ? What are the product names of all products with the color description red ?
What is the color description of the product with the name `` catnip '' ? What are the product names of all products with the color description red ? Could you add in the typical buying price of each of those please ? | The price of basil is 503.8431967 . The price of sesame is 1284268.0659 and price of caraway is 24493 | What are the product descriptions of all products with the color description green ?
What is the color description of the product with the name `` catnip '' ? What are the product names of all products with the color description red ? Could you add in the typical buying price of each of those please ? | The price of basil is 503.8431967 . The price of sesame is 1284268.0659 and price of caraway is 24493 | What are the product descriptions of all products with the color description green ? Can you add into the table their product names , please ?
What is the color description of the product with the name `` catnip '' ? What are the product names of all products with the color description red ? Could you add in the typical buying price of each of those please ? | The price of basil is 503.8431967 . The price of sesame is 1284268.0659 and price of caraway is 24493 | What are the product descriptions of all products with the color description green ? Can you add into the table their product names , please ? What is the color description of the product with name "catnip"?
Show me the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' ?
Show me the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' ? Show me IDs of workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop ''
Show me the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' ? Show me IDs of workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' Show me Address IDs of workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop ''
Show me the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' ? Show me IDs of workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' Show me Address IDs of workshop groups that have bookings with status code `` stop '' What are the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code "stop"?
what is the date of the earliest contract ?
what is the date of the earliest contract ? and which contract id is associated with that contract
what is the date of the earliest contract ? and which contract id is associated with that contract and what is the company name associated with ID 9 ?
what is the date of the earliest contract ? and which contract id is associated with that contract and what is the company name associated with ID 9 ? Which company started the earliest the maintenance contract? Show the company name.
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs ? List the asset id and detail .
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs ? List the asset id and detail . What is the asset make and asset model for asset id 2 ?
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs ? List the asset id and detail . What is the asset make and asset model for asset id 2 ? What are the asset acquired date and asset disposed date for asset id 2 ?
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs ? List the asset id and detail . What is the asset make and asset model for asset id 2 ? What are the asset acquired date and asset disposed date for asset id 2 ? How many other asset details are there labeled in Bad condition ?
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs ? List the asset id and detail . What is the asset make and asset model for asset id 2 ? What are the asset acquired date and asset disposed date for asset id 2 ? How many other asset details are there labeled in Bad condition ? What is the maintenance contract id and supplier company id for asset id 2 ?
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs ? List the asset id and detail . What is the asset make and asset model for asset id 2 ? What are the asset acquired date and asset disposed date for asset id 2 ? How many other asset details are there labeled in Bad condition ? What is the maintenance contract id and supplier company id for asset id 2 ? Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs? List the asset id and detail.
which musical ids showed up at least three times in the actor table ?
which musical ids showed up at least three times in the actor table ? What year is that musical with id 6 ?
which musical ids showed up at least three times in the actor table ? What year is that musical with id 6 ? And what 's the name for that musical with ID 6 ?
which musical ids showed up at least three times in the actor table ? What year is that musical with id 6 ? And what 's the name for that musical with ID 6 ? Show names of musicals which have at least three actors.
Can you show me the total number of phones ?
Can you show me the total number of phones ? how about the total number of different carriers ?
Can you show me the total number of phones ? how about the total number of different carriers ? Can you list the phones with carrier either Sprint or TMobile ?
Can you show me the total number of phones ? how about the total number of different carriers ? Can you list the phones with carrier either Sprint or TMobile ? Can you please include their names ?
Can you show me the total number of phones ? how about the total number of different carriers ? Can you list the phones with carrier either Sprint or TMobile ? Can you please include their names ? Show the names of phones with carrier either "Sprint" or "TMobile".
which locations of parties have hosts older than 50 ?
which locations of parties have hosts older than 50 ? How many hosts does party theme spring have ?
which locations of parties have hosts older than 50 ? How many hosts does party theme spring have ? How many parties are hosted in Hemkade 48 Zaandam ?
which locations of parties have hosts older than 50 ? How many hosts does party theme spring have ? How many parties are hosted in Hemkade 48 Zaandam ? How many hosts have the nationality united states ?
which locations of parties have hosts older than 50 ? How many hosts does party theme spring have ? How many parties are hosted in Hemkade 48 Zaandam ? How many hosts have the nationality united states ? Show the locations of parties with hosts older than 50.
Display the employee ID and salary of all employees who report to payam ( First name )
Display the employee ID and salary of all employees who report to payam ( First name ) What is the highest salary ? who did earn it
Display the employee ID and salary of all employees who report to payam ( First name ) What is the highest salary ? who did earn it What is the lowest salary ? who did earn it
Display the employee ID and salary of all employees who report to payam ( First name ) What is the highest salary ? who did earn it What is the lowest salary ? who did earn it What is the name of the following phone number 515.123.4569 ? Tell me Employer ID
Display the employee ID and salary of all employees who report to payam ( First name ) What is the highest salary ? who did earn it What is the lowest salary ? who did earn it What is the name of the following phone number 515.123.4569 ? Tell me Employer ID Who is the senior employee and tell me first name ? Tell me the hire date | What do you mean by senior employee ? | What is the lowest hire date ? tell me the first name .
Display the employee ID and salary of all employees who report to payam ( First name ) What is the highest salary ? who did earn it What is the lowest salary ? who did earn it What is the name of the following phone number 515.123.4569 ? Tell me Employer ID Who is the senior employee and tell me first name ? Tell me the hire date | What do you mean by senior employee ? | What is the lowest hire date ? tell me the first name . display the employee id and salary of all employees who report to Payam (first name).
list all dates available
list all dates available on what date of the performance with the highest number of attendees ?
list all dates available on what date of the performance with the highest number of attendees ? of the highest number of attendees | Did you mean to ask for the performance id of the performance with the highest number of attendees ? | yes
list all dates available on what date of the performance with the highest number of attendees ? of the highest number of attendees | Did you mean to ask for the performance id of the performance with the highest number of attendees ? | yes What is the date of the performance with the highest number of attendees?
Can you show me how many departments there are ? | Did you mean the number of distinct department names ? | Yes , please
Can you show me how many departments there are ? | Did you mean the number of distinct department names ? | Yes , please Can you also show me the total number of instructers ? | what did you mean by instructers ? can you give more info ? | Sorry , I meant instructors
Can you show me how many departments there are ? | Did you mean the number of distinct department names ? | Yes , please Can you also show me the total number of instructers ? | what did you mean by instructers ? can you give more info ? | Sorry , I meant instructors Can you show me the id of the instructor who is from the History department ?
Can you show me how many departments there are ? | Did you mean the number of distinct department names ? | Yes , please Can you also show me the total number of instructers ? | what did you mean by instructers ? can you give more info ? | Sorry , I meant instructors Can you show me the id of the instructor who is from the History department ? What is the id of the instructor who advises of all students from History department?
How many bookings are there ?
How many bookings are there ? How many different statuses are used on those bookings ?
How many bookings are there ? How many different statuses are used on those bookings ? Which of those statuses is used most commonly ?
How many bookings are there ? How many different statuses are used on those bookings ? Which of those statuses is used most commonly ? What is the most frequent status of bookings?
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic Party .
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic Party . Hmm . Please return all the committees that have delegates from Liberal party .
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic Party . Hmm . Please return all the committees that have delegates from Liberal party . Please give me all the delegates 's names from Liberal party in Appropriations committee
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic Party . Hmm . Please return all the committees that have delegates from Liberal party . Please give me all the delegates 's names from Liberal party in Appropriations committee Can you also give me all the delegate 's name from Liberal party in Economic Matters committee .
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic Party . Hmm . Please return all the committees that have delegates from Liberal party . Please give me all the delegates 's names from Liberal party in Appropriations committee Can you also give me all the delegate 's name from Liberal party in Economic Matters committee . Can you please give the delegates name from Democratic Party in economic matters committee ?
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic Party . Hmm . Please return all the committees that have delegates from Liberal party . Please give me all the delegates 's names from Liberal party in Appropriations committee Can you also give me all the delegate 's name from Liberal party in Economic Matters committee . Can you please give the delegates name from Democratic Party in economic matters committee ? Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic party.
Show me all the films which listed in the table ? | There are the titles of all the films . | Show me all films longer than 100 minutes ?
Show me all the films which listed in the table ? | There are the titles of all the films . | Show me all films longer than 100 minutes ? Show me all the films not longer than 100 minutes ?
Show me all the films which listed in the table ? | There are the titles of all the films . | Show me all films longer than 100 minutes ? Show me all the films not longer than 100 minutes ? Find all the films rated PG , except those who cost more than 200 for replacement ?
Show me all the films which listed in the table ? | There are the titles of all the films . | Show me all films longer than 100 minutes ? Show me all the films not longer than 100 minutes ? Find all the films rated PG , except those who cost more than 200 for replacement ? Find all the films longer than 100 minutes, or rated PG, except those who cost more than 200 for replacement. List the titles.
I need the number of amenities for the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students | Are you asking for the number of distinct amenities for dorms whose student capacity is greater than 100 ? | yes
I need the number of amenities for the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students | Are you asking for the number of distinct amenities for dorms whose student capacity is greater than 100 ? | yes Find the number of amenities for each of the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students.
show the date of the tallest perpetrator .
show the date of the tallest perpetrator . show me the location of the tallest perpetrator .
show the date of the tallest perpetrator . show me the location of the tallest perpetrator . what country is Kaio from ?
show the date of the tallest perpetrator . show me the location of the tallest perpetrator . what country is Kaio from ? how many people were killed in Japan ?
show the date of the tallest perpetrator . show me the location of the tallest perpetrator . what country is Kaio from ? how many people were killed in Japan ? how many got injured in japan ?
show the date of the tallest perpetrator . show me the location of the tallest perpetrator . what country is Kaio from ? how many people were killed in Japan ? how many got injured in japan ? Show the date of the tallest perpetrator.
Which cities have a branch ?
Which cities have a branch ? How many branches does London have ?
Which cities have a branch ? How many branches does London have ? How many branches does Oxford have ?
Which cities have a branch ? How many branches does London have ? How many branches does Oxford have ? Show all cities without a branch having more than 100 memberships.
Hello , how many complaints have we had ?
Hello , how many complaints have we had ? How about customers ?
Hello , how many complaints have we had ? How about customers ? How many customers have filed complaints ?
Hello , how many complaints have we had ? How about customers ? How many customers have filed complaints ? And how many have not filed complaints ?
Hello , how many complaints have we had ? How about customers ? How many customers have filed complaints ? And how many have not filed complaints ? What is that customer 's phone number ?
Hello , how many complaints have we had ? How about customers ? How many customers have filed complaints ? And how many have not filed complaints ? What is that customer 's phone number ? what about that customer 's email ?
Hello , how many complaints have we had ? How about customers ? How many customers have filed complaints ? And how many have not filed complaints ? What is that customer 's phone number ? what about that customer 's email ? Find the email and phone number of the customers who have never filed a complaint before.
how many postseason on the table
how many postseason on the table which postseason are highest wins | Would you like all information for the entry in postseason with the highest value for wins ? | exactly
how many postseason on the table which postseason are highest wins | Would you like all information for the entry in postseason with the highest value for wins ? | exactly What are the name and id of the team with the most victories in 2008 postseason?
What is the name of the item with the highest average rating ?
What is the name of the item with the highest average rating ? What is its id ?
What is the name of the item with the highest average rating ? What is its id ? What is the name of the item with the lowest average rating ?
What is the name of the item with the highest average rating ? What is its id ? What is the name of the item with the lowest average rating ? What is its item id ?
What is the name of the item with the highest average rating ? What is its id ? What is the name of the item with the lowest average rating ? What is its item id ? What item names have a rating of 5 ?
What is the name of the item with the highest average rating ? What is its id ? What is the name of the item with the lowest average rating ? What is its item id ? What item names have a rating of 5 ? Find the name and id of the item with the highest average rating.
what is last name of the members in club ?
what is last name of the members in club ? what is the first name of the student with last name smith ?
what is last name of the members in club ? what is the first name of the student with last name smith ? Find the last names of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
What is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ?
What is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` database '' ?
What is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` database '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` advanced database '' ?
What is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` database '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` advanced database '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` operating system '' ?
What is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` database '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` advanced database '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` operating system '' ? What is the date of completion in the course named `` advanced database ? ''
What is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` database '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` advanced database '' ? What is the date of enrollment in the course named `` operating system '' ? What is the date of completion in the course named `` advanced database ? '' What is the date of enrollment of the course named "Spanish"?
What are the enrollments of all colleges in the state of FL ?
What are the enrollments of all colleges in the state of FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in FL ?
What are the enrollments of all colleges in the state of FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in OK ?
What are the enrollments of all colleges in the state of FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in OK ? How about the names of all colleges that have an enrollment less than at least one of the colleges in OK ?
What are the enrollments of all colleges in the state of FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in OK ? How about the names of all colleges that have an enrollment less than at least one of the colleges in OK ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment less than at least one of the colleges in FL ?
What are the enrollments of all colleges in the state of FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in FL ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment greater than at least one of the colleges in OK ? How about the names of all colleges that have an enrollment less than at least one of the colleges in OK ? What are the names of all colleges that have an enrollment less than at least one of the colleges in FL ? Find names of colleges with enrollment greater than that of some (at least one) college in the FL state.
Hello ! How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all patient names ?
Hello ! How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all patient names ? Thank you so much ! Can you filter this list to show only the patients who had more than one appointment ?
Hello ! How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all patient names ? Thank you so much ! Can you filter this list to show only the patients who had more than one appointment ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the phone number of each of these patients ?
Hello ! How are you ! Can you provide me with a list of all patient names ? Thank you so much ! Can you filter this list to show only the patients who had more than one appointment ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the phone number of each of these patients ? what are name and phone number of patients who had more than one appointment?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the settlement IDs and the corresponding settlement amounts ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the settlement IDs and the corresponding settlement amounts ? Great ! Can you calculate for me the sum total of all Settlement Amounts and also the average Settlement Amount for all settlements ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the settlement IDs and the corresponding settlement amounts ? Great ! Can you calculate for me the sum total of all Settlement Amounts and also the average Settlement Amount for all settlements ? Wonderful ! Can you show me what the oldest settlement effective date is ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the settlement IDs and the corresponding settlement amounts ? Great ! Can you calculate for me the sum total of all Settlement Amounts and also the average Settlement Amount for all settlements ? Wonderful ! Can you show me what the oldest settlement effective date is ? Find the total and average amount of settlements.
Can you list the names of all customers who do n't have any address information , please ?
Can you list the names of all customers who do n't have any address information , please ? Can you find their addresses and add them to the chart ?
Can you list the names of all customers who do n't have any address information , please ? Can you find their addresses and add them to the chart ? Can you list the customer names for all the customers that do n't have anything listed under the customer_address column ?
Can you list the names of all customers who do n't have any address information , please ? Can you find their addresses and add them to the chart ? Can you list the customer names for all the customers that do n't have anything listed under the customer_address column ? Show names and phones of customers who do not have address information.
Show me all the policy types available ? | Do you mean policy type code ? | yes
Show me all the policy types available ? | Do you mean policy type code ? | yes Show me the policy type code with policy id 257 ?
Show me all the policy types available ? | Do you mean policy type code ? | yes Show me the policy type code with policy id 257 ? Show me the policy id of the policy type code Life insurance ?
Show me all the policy types available ? | Do you mean policy type code ? | yes Show me the policy type code with policy id 257 ? Show me the policy id of the policy type code Life insurance ? Show which policy type has the most records in the database ?
Show me all the policy types available ? | Do you mean policy type code ? | yes Show me the policy type code with policy id 257 ? Show me the policy id of the policy type code Life insurance ? Show which policy type has the most records in the database ? Which policy type has the most records in the database?
How many stations have an average bike availability above 10 ?
How many stations have an average bike availability above 10 ? How many of those are not in San Jose City ?
How many stations have an average bike availability above 10 ? How many of those are not in San Jose City ? What are the names of those stations ?
How many stations have an average bike availability above 10 ? How many of those are not in San Jose City ? What are the names of those stations ? What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the shop names ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the shop names ? Beautiful ! Can you update this list to include the stock quantity for all of these shops ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the shop names ? Beautiful ! Can you update this list to include the stock quantity for all of these shops ? Can you filter this list to show the name of the shop that has the largest quantity of stock , and please also display the quantity of stock ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all of the shop names ? Beautiful ! Can you update this list to include the stock quantity for all of these shops ? Can you filter this list to show the name of the shop that has the largest quantity of stock , and please also display the quantity of stock ? Show the name of the shop that have the largest quantity of devices in stock.
how many skills are presented on the table
how many skills are presented on the table show all the skill descriptions .
how many skills are presented on the table show all the skill descriptions . list out the fault short names
how many skills are presented on the table show all the skill descriptions . list out the fault short names what is the skill code of Mechanical
how many skills are presented on the table show all the skill descriptions . list out the fault short names what is the skill code of Mechanical For all the faults of different parts, what are all the decriptions of the skills required to fix them? List the name of the faults and the skill description.
How many professors are there in total ?
How many professors are there in total ? What are the names of the departments they teach classes for ?
How many professors are there in total ? What are the names of the departments they teach classes for ? How many of the 22 professors are part of the Accounting department ?
How many professors are there in total ? What are the names of the departments they teach classes for ? How many of the 22 professors are part of the Accounting department ? How many of those 3 are currently teaching courses ?
How many professors are there in total ? What are the names of the departments they teach classes for ? How many of the 22 professors are part of the Accounting department ? How many of those 3 are currently teaching courses ? Could you tell me the number of them that are teaching in a physical class room instead of through online classes ?
How many professors are there in total ? What are the names of the departments they teach classes for ? How many of the 22 professors are part of the Accounting department ? How many of those 3 are currently teaching courses ? Could you tell me the number of them that are teaching in a physical class room instead of through online classes ? What are their first names and the class rooms where they teach ?
How many professors are there in total ? What are the names of the departments they teach classes for ? How many of the 22 professors are part of the Accounting department ? How many of those 3 are currently teaching courses ? Could you tell me the number of them that are teaching in a physical class room instead of through online classes ? What are their first names and the class rooms where they teach ? Find the first names of all professors in the Accounting department who is teaching some course and the class room.
can you how me a list of artists ?
can you how me a list of artists ? can you show me their ratings ?
can you how me a list of artists ? can you show me their ratings ? can you show me song 's language ?
can you how me a list of artists ? can you show me their ratings ? can you show me song 's language ? What is the country of origin of the artist who is female and produced a song in Bangla?
Which students did n't attend courses ?
Which students did n't attend courses ? How about student that did attend courses ?
Which students did n't attend courses ? How about student that did attend courses ? On what date did the courses start ? | Do you mean the registration date of students or the date of attendance of students ? | Registration date
Which students did n't attend courses ? How about student that did attend courses ? On what date did the courses start ? | Do you mean the registration date of students or the date of attendance of students ? | Registration date What are all info of students who registered courses but not attended courses?
Number of international passengers per airport ? | Did you want the names of airports and their number of international passengers ? | Yes please .
Number of international passengers per airport ? | Did you want the names of airports and their number of international passengers ? | Yes please . Which of these has the largest number of intentional passengers ?
Number of international passengers per airport ? | Did you want the names of airports and their number of international passengers ? | Yes please . Which of these has the largest number of intentional passengers ? Ok. Can you show all the information for London Heathrow airport ?
Number of international passengers per airport ? | Did you want the names of airports and their number of international passengers ? | Yes please . Which of these has the largest number of intentional passengers ? Ok. Can you show all the information for London Heathrow airport ? Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
list the names of the musicals with more than three actors
list the names of the musicals with more than three actors Show names of musicals which have at least three actors.
what are the names and activities of all faculty members who participated in some activity ?
what are the names and activities of all faculty members who participated in some activity ? what is the count for Naiman ?
what are the names and activities of all faculty members who participated in some activity ? what is the count for Naiman ? Show the first and last name of all the faculty members who participated in some activity, together with the number of activities they participated in.
Who is the professor in the office DRE 102 ? | Do you want their first name , last name , or initial ? | last name and hire date please .
Who is the professor in the office DRE 102 ? | Do you want their first name , last name , or initial ? | last name and hire date please . Thanks . What are those professors ' degree ?
Who is the professor in the office DRE 102 ? | Do you want their first name , last name , or initial ? | last name and hire date please . Thanks . What are those professors ' degree ? Find the last name and hire date of the professor who is in office DRE 102.
what is the name of dept of statistics | Do you mean the name of instructors from the statistics department ? | yes
what is the name of dept of statistics | Do you mean the name of instructors from the statistics department ? | yes show the total no . of ID
what is the name of dept of statistics | Do you mean the name of instructors from the statistics department ? | yes show the total no . of ID what is the salary of the the ID 78699
what is the name of dept of statistics | Do you mean the name of instructors from the statistics department ? | yes show the total no . of ID what is the salary of the the ID 78699 what is the dept . name of the McKinnon
what is the name of dept of statistics | Do you mean the name of instructors from the statistics department ? | yes show the total no . of ID what is the salary of the the ID 78699 what is the dept . name of the McKinnon Find the names of all instructors whose name includes the substring “dar”.
What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department ?
What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department ? how many students are in the history department ?
What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department ? how many students are in the history department ? what is the average total credits in the history department ?
What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department ? how many students are in the history department ? what is the average total credits in the history department ? What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department.
How many rooms are in the apartment number suite 645 ?
How many rooms are in the apartment number suite 645 ? What is the building id of apartment Apt 585 ?
How many rooms are in the apartment number suite 645 ? What is the building id of apartment Apt 585 ? What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the departments ?
How many rooms are in the apartment number suite 645 ? What is the building id of apartment Apt 585 ? What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the departments ? What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
show me the body builders name .
show me the body builders name . What is the height of Jack Campbell ?
show me the body builders name . What is the height of Jack Campbell ? List the weight of the body builders who have snatch score higher than 140 or have the height greater than 200.
Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors
Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors what is the average salary of a physics professor ?
Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors what is the average salary of a physics professor ? find the department name which has the lowest average salary of professors
Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors what is the average salary of a physics professor ? find the department name which has the lowest average salary of professors Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors.
retrieve the country that has published the least papers ?
retrieve the country that has published the least papers ? retrieve the country that has published the most papers ?
retrieve the country that has published the least papers ? retrieve the country that has published the most papers ? What is count of most papers which is USA has published ?
retrieve the country that has published the least papers ? retrieve the country that has published the most papers ? What is count of most papers which is USA has published ? Retrieve the country that has published the most papers.
What are the interaction type of ALA synthase ?
What are the interaction type of ALA synthase ? Find the product of enzyme id 1 ?
What are the interaction type of ALA synthase ? Find the product of enzyme id 1 ? What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator ' ?
What are the interaction type of ALA synthase ? Find the product of enzyme id 1 ? What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator ' ? What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator'?
Hi how are you ! ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the different member names ?
Hi how are you ! ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the different member names ? Excellent ! Thanks for that ! Can you add to this list the event name associated with each member name ?
Hi how are you ! ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the different member names ? Excellent ! Thanks for that ! Can you add to this list the event name associated with each member name ? Alright ! Can you please show me a list of all member names who are not associated with any event ?
Hi how are you ! ? Can you provide me with a list of all of the different member names ? Excellent ! Thanks for that ! Can you add to this list the event name associated with each member name ? Alright ! Can you please show me a list of all member names who are not associated with any event ? Show all member names who are not in charge of any event.
Which customers made at least two orders ?
Which customers made at least two orders ? How many orders did George make ?
Which customers made at least two orders ? How many orders did George make ? How many did Beulah make ?
Which customers made at least two orders ? How many orders did George make ? How many did Beulah make ? For each customer who has at least two orders, find the customer name and number of orders made.
how many professors there
how many professors there how many English professors there
how many professors there how many English professors there what is the department code of 103 | Do you mean the department code of professor with emp number 103 ? | yes sir
how many professors there how many English professors there what is the department code of 103 | Do you mean the department code of professor with emp number 103 ? | yes sir Find the number of professors with a Ph.D. degree in each department.
what are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions ?
what are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions ? what is the transaction id of lot id 11
what are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions ? what is the transaction id of lot id 11 what is the investor id of transaction id 3 ?
what are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions ? what is the transaction id of lot id 11 what is the investor id of transaction id 3 ? What are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions?
Who are the members whose hometown address includes Kentucky | Did you want the names of the members whose hometown address includes the word Kentucky ? | Yes please give their names .
Who are the members whose hometown address includes Kentucky | Did you want the names of the members whose hometown address includes the word Kentucky ? | Yes please give their names . Kindly list the card numbers of all the members .
Who are the members whose hometown address includes Kentucky | Did you want the names of the members whose hometown address includes the word Kentucky ? | Yes please give their names . Kindly list the card numbers of all the members . How many members are they in total ?
Who are the members whose hometown address includes Kentucky | Did you want the names of the members whose hometown address includes the word Kentucky ? | Yes please give their names . Kindly list the card numbers of all the members . How many members are they in total ? list the card number of all members whose hometown address includes word "Kentucky".
What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst ?
What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst ? How many staffs are on the list ?
What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst ? How many staffs are on the list ? What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' ?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' ? What are the response received dates for the documents with a grant amount more than 100 ?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' ? What are the response received dates for the documents with a grant amount more than 100 ? How many documents have the document description `` Initial Application '' ?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' ? What are the response received dates for the documents with a grant amount more than 100 ? How many documents have the document description `` Initial Application '' ? Can you list all of the grant start dates of those documents please ?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' ? What are the response received dates for the documents with a grant amount more than 100 ? How many documents have the document description `` Initial Application '' ? Can you list all of the grant start dates of those documents please ? What are the grant amounts of those ?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' ? What are the response received dates for the documents with a grant amount more than 100 ? How many documents have the document description `` Initial Application '' ? Can you list all of the grant start dates of those documents please ? What are the grant amounts of those ? What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular' or granted with more than 100?
how many course are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table course ? | exactly
how many course are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table course ? | exactly what are all the title are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the titles in the table course ? | yeah correct
how many course are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table course ? | exactly what are all the title are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the titles in the table course ? | yeah correct what is the credits of C Programming
how many course are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table course ? | exactly what are all the title are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the titles in the table course ? | yeah correct what is the credits of C Programming list out the student name
how many course are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask for the number of entries in the table course ? | exactly what are all the title are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the titles in the table course ? | yeah correct what is the credits of C Programming list out the student name Find the name of students who didn't take any course from Biology department.
How many parties are there ?
How many parties are there ? Can you show me the names of the five parties ?
How many parties are there ? Can you show me the names of the five parties ? Can you tell me how many events are at each party ?
How many parties are there ? Can you show me the names of the five parties ? Can you tell me how many events are at each party ? Yes .
How many parties are there ? Can you show me the names of the five parties ? Can you tell me how many events are at each party ? Yes . Show party names and the number of events for each party.
can you show me a list of transaction type code ?
can you show me a list of transaction type code ? what is the average of amount of transaction ?
can you show me a list of transaction type code ? what is the average of amount of transaction ? can you show me a list of share count ?
can you show me a list of transaction type code ? what is the average of amount of transaction ? can you show me a list of share count ? show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times .
can you show me a list of transaction type code ? what is the average of amount of transaction ? can you show me a list of share count ? show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times . Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times.
I want to know what is the greatest amount of loan to customers that each bank branch has made .
I want to know what is the greatest amount of loan to customers that each bank branch has made . Can you show me the credit score of the customer receiving the greatest amount of loan ?
I want to know what is the greatest amount of loan to customers that each bank branch has made . Can you show me the credit score of the customer receiving the greatest amount of loan ? Can you show me the name of the bank branch providing the greatest total amount of loans to customers ?
I want to know what is the greatest amount of loan to customers that each bank branch has made . Can you show me the credit score of the customer receiving the greatest amount of loan ? Can you show me the name of the bank branch providing the greatest total amount of loans to customers ? Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans to customers with credit score is less than 100.
what is the course id of English course ?
what is the course id of English course ? name the student ids who attend the statastic course ? in order of attendance date
what is the course id of English course ? name the student ids who attend the statastic course ? in order of attendance date what is the date of attendance of the student is 121 ? | the date of attendance of the student with id 121 is 2012-04-09 11:44:34 . | which student id attend english and french both course ?
what is the course id of English course ? name the student ids who attend the statastic course ? in order of attendance date what is the date of attendance of the student is 121 ? | the date of attendance of the student with id 121 is 2012-04-09 11:44:34 . | which student id attend english and french both course ? List the id of students who attended  statistics courses in the order of attendance date.
Have many engineers that were contacted by each manager ?
Have many engineers that were contacted by each manager ? Thank you . Can you please tell me the name of the engineer that was contacted by each manager ? | Of course . First or Last name ? | First and Last name , please .
Have many engineers that were contacted by each manager ? Thank you . Can you please tell me the name of the engineer that was contacted by each manager ? | Of course . First or Last name ? | First and Last name , please . Which staff have contacted which engineers? List the staff name and the engineer first name and last name.
Show card types with at least 5 cards ?
Show card types with at least 5 cards ? What are their ids ? | Do you mean card ids for all cards ? | yes
Show card types with at least 5 cards ? What are their ids ? | Do you mean card ids for all cards ? | yes What card type did customer number 14 use ?
Show card types with at least 5 cards ? What are their ids ? | Do you mean card ids for all cards ? | yes What card type did customer number 14 use ? How about customer number 6 ?
Show card types with at least 5 cards ? What are their ids ? | Do you mean card ids for all cards ? | yes What card type did customer number 14 use ? How about customer number 6 ? Show card type codes with at least 5 cards.
What are the names of the cities that all customers live in ?
What are the names of the cities that all customers live in ? Okay , what about the names of the cities that all performers live in ?
What are the names of the cities that all customers live in ? Okay , what about the names of the cities that all performers live in ? Of these cities , which do not also appear on the customer cities list ?
What are the names of the cities that all customers live in ? Okay , what about the names of the cities that all performers live in ? Of these cities , which do not also appear on the customer cities list ? Show all cities where at least one customer lives in but no performer lives in.
Can you list the share counts for all transactions ?
Can you list the share counts for all transactions ? Can you add to the table the amount of transaction associated with each share count ?
Can you list the share counts for all transactions ? Can you add to the table the amount of transaction associated with each share count ? Can you filter the table to only include transactions with share counts that are at least 100 , or with amounts bigger than 100 ?
Can you list the share counts for all transactions ? Can you add to the table the amount of transaction associated with each share count ? Can you filter the table to only include transactions with share counts that are at least 100 , or with amounts bigger than 100 ? Can you add to the table the dates of those transactions ?
Can you list the share counts for all transactions ? Can you add to the table the amount of transaction associated with each share count ? Can you filter the table to only include transactions with share counts that are at least 100 , or with amounts bigger than 100 ? Can you add to the table the dates of those transactions ? Can you filter the table to only include the dates ?
Can you list the share counts for all transactions ? Can you add to the table the amount of transaction associated with each share count ? Can you filter the table to only include transactions with share counts that are at least 100 , or with amounts bigger than 100 ? Can you add to the table the dates of those transactions ? Can you filter the table to only include the dates ? What are the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count or amount bigger than 100?
How many composers do you have recorded in the system ?
How many composers do you have recorded in the system ? Have many MPEG media audio files are in the system ?
How many composers do you have recorded in the system ? Have many MPEG media audio files are in the system ? What is the highest recorded millisecond for a single track ?
How many composers do you have recorded in the system ? Have many MPEG media audio files are in the system ? What is the highest recorded millisecond for a single track ? What is the title name for the highest recorded single track ?
How many composers do you have recorded in the system ? Have many MPEG media audio files are in the system ? What is the highest recorded millisecond for a single track ? What is the title name for the highest recorded single track ? What is the Album Id for Occupation / Precipice ?
How many composers do you have recorded in the system ? Have many MPEG media audio files are in the system ? What is the highest recorded millisecond for a single track ? What is the title name for the highest recorded single track ? What is the Album Id for Occupation / Precipice ? How many tracks are in the AAC audio file media type?
what are the subjects available ?
what are the subjects available ? list the author ids
what are the subjects available ? list the author ids list the course ids available
what are the subjects available ? list the author ids list the course ids available Find the subject ID, subject name, and the corresponding number of available courses for each subject.
can you show me a list of where i can go on bus ? | do you want the id of location or tourist attraction or the name ? | yes
can you show me a list of where i can go on bus ? | do you want the id of location or tourist attraction or the name ? | yes can you show me a list of location id ?
can you show me a list of where i can go on bus ? | do you want the id of location or tourist attraction or the name ? | yes can you show me a list of location id ? i want to learn attraction type code ?
can you show me a list of where i can go on bus ? | do you want the id of location or tourist attraction or the name ? | yes can you show me a list of location id ? i want to learn attraction type code ? Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions.
How many directors are there ?
How many directors are there ? How many of them only made one movie ?
How many directors are there ? How many of them only made one movie ? What are the names of those directors ?
How many directors are there ? How many of them only made one movie ? What are the names of those directors ? What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie?
Find the email of the user whose name contains the word `` Swift ''
Find the email of the user whose name contains the word `` Swift '' What is his name ?
Find the email of the user whose name contains the word `` Swift '' What is his name ? Find the name and email of the user whose name contains the word ‘Swift’.
how many products there
how many products there how many orders there
how many products there how many orders there what is the name of product id 1
how many products there how many orders there what is the name of product id 1 List the name and count of each product in all orders.
How many orders are priced higher than 1000 ?
How many orders are priced higher than 1000 ? What are the order dates of orders with a price higher than 1000 ?
How many orders are priced higher than 1000 ? What are the order dates of orders with a price higher than 1000 ? What are their planned delivery dates ?
How many orders are priced higher than 1000 ? What are the order dates of orders with a price higher than 1000 ? What are their planned delivery dates ? And what were the actual delivery dates ?
How many orders are priced higher than 1000 ? What are the order dates of orders with a price higher than 1000 ? What are their planned delivery dates ? And what were the actual delivery dates ? What are the order dates of orders with price higher than 1000?
WHAT ARE THE DISTINCT POSITIONS OF THE PLAYERS FROM COUNTRY WHOSE CAPITAL IS DUBLIN
WHAT ARE THE DISTINCT POSITIONS OF THE PLAYERS FROM COUNTRY WHOSE CAPITAL IS DUBLIN What are the distinct positions of the players from a country whose capital is Dublin?
What payment method did Dr. Julia Wuckert MD use ?
What payment method did Dr. Julia Wuckert MD use ? How many customers used credit cards ? ?
What payment method did Dr. Julia Wuckert MD use ? How many customers used credit cards ? ? From when did Rodrick Heaney became a customer ?
What payment method did Dr. Julia Wuckert MD use ? How many customers used credit cards ? ? From when did Rodrick Heaney became a customer ? Which contact channel has been used by the customer with name "Tillman Ernser"?
How many enzymes do not have any interactions ?
How many enzymes do not have any interactions ? List enzyme names in alphabetical order
How many enzymes do not have any interactions ? List enzyme names in alphabetical order Give me enzymes with interaction type `` inhibitor ''
How many enzymes do not have any interactions ? List enzyme names in alphabetical order Give me enzymes with interaction type `` inhibitor '' How many enzymes do not have any interactions?
Tell me the Lieutenant Governor name for the year 1998 ?
Tell me the Lieutenant Governor name for the year 1998 ? Who is the Delegate for the election id 1 ?
Tell me the Lieutenant Governor name for the year 1998 ? Who is the Delegate for the election id 1 ? Show the name of the party that has the most delegates ?
Tell me the Lieutenant Governor name for the year 1998 ? Who is the Delegate for the election id 1 ? Show the name of the party that has the most delegates ? Show the name of the party that has the most delegates.
Hello . What are the IDs of guests with gender code Female ?
Hello . What are the IDs of guests with gender code Female ? Show me the start dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please .
Hello . What are the IDs of guests with gender code Female ? Show me the start dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please . Show me the start dates and end dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please .
Hello . What are the IDs of guests with gender code Female ? Show me the start dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please . Show me the start dates and end dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please . Can you give me the apartment ids for the same list ?
Hello . What are the IDs of guests with gender code Female ? Show me the start dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please . Show me the start dates and end dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please . Can you give me the apartment ids for the same list ? Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings made by guests with gender code "Female".
list the year id in which the least people enter hall of fame
list the year id in which the least people enter hall of fame what is the catogery of the particular year id | Do you mean of the year id 1944 ? | yes , what is the category mentioned for the year id 1944
list the year id in which the least people enter hall of fame what is the catogery of the particular year id | Do you mean of the year id 1944 ? | yes , what is the category mentioned for the year id 1944 list the number of votes for this category
list the year id in which the least people enter hall of fame what is the catogery of the particular year id | Do you mean of the year id 1944 ? | yes , what is the category mentioned for the year id 1944 list the number of votes for this category In which year did the least people enter hall of fame?
Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students .
Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students . What grade do they teach ? | Here are the grades of the students taught by the teacher who teaches the largest number of students . | What is their class room ?
Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students . What grade do they teach ? | Here are the grades of the students taught by the teacher who teaches the largest number of students . | What is their class room ? Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students.
What was the start date of the most recent appointment ?
What was the start date of the most recent appointment ? What is the patient associated with the appointment on 2008-04-24 10:00 ?
What was the start date of the most recent appointment ? What is the patient associated with the appointment on 2008-04-24 10:00 ? Can you list the patient IDs associated with appointment IDs 93216548 and 86213939 ?
What was the start date of the most recent appointment ? What is the patient associated with the appointment on 2008-04-24 10:00 ? Can you list the patient IDs associated with appointment IDs 93216548 and 86213939 ? Can you list the names associated with those patient ID 100000004 and 100000002 ?
What was the start date of the most recent appointment ? What is the patient associated with the appointment on 2008-04-24 10:00 ? Can you list the patient IDs associated with appointment IDs 93216548 and 86213939 ? Can you list the names associated with those patient ID 100000004 and 100000002 ? What is the name of the patient who made the most recent appointment?
What is the user id of Helen
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ?
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id How about her a id
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id How about her a id Who gave the most reviews
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id How about her a id Who gave the most reviews How many review did he have
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id How about her a id Who gave the most reviews How many review did he have Yes what is mark rank ?
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id How about her a id Who gave the most reviews How many review did he have Yes what is mark rank ? What is matk user id
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id How about her a id Who gave the most reviews How many review did he have Yes what is mark rank ? What is matk user id What is his a id
What is the user id of Helen What is Helen rating ? And what is helen rank What is helen item id How about her a id Who gave the most reviews How many review did he have Yes what is mark rank ? What is matk user id What is his a id Find the name of the user who gives the most reviews.
What are courses provided by Statistics deparment ?
What are courses provided by Statistics deparment ? What are courses provided by Psychology department ?
What are courses provided by Statistics deparment ? What are courses provided by Psychology department ? Which Statistics courses are not provided by Psychology department ?
What are courses provided by Statistics deparment ? What are courses provided by Psychology department ? Which Statistics courses are not provided by Psychology department ? Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments.
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all courses that were offered in the Chandler building ? | Do you want just their titles , or all the course information ? | I would like both please !
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all courses that were offered in the Chandler building ? | Do you want just their titles , or all the course information ? | I would like both please ! Thank you for that ! Can you filter that list to show only the rows that correspond to Fall of 2010 ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all courses that were offered in the Chandler building ? | Do you want just their titles , or all the course information ? | I would like both please ! Thank you for that ! Can you filter that list to show only the rows that correspond to Fall of 2010 ? Can you please tell me how many credits that course was worth ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all courses that were offered in the Chandler building ? | Do you want just their titles , or all the course information ? | I would like both please ! Thank you for that ! Can you filter that list to show only the rows that correspond to Fall of 2010 ? Can you please tell me how many credits that course was worth ? What is the title of the course that was offered at building Chandler during the fall semester in the year of 2010?
ID 1 is for which Campus ?
ID 1 is for which Campus ? which campus has the fewest faculties in year 2003 ?
ID 1 is for which Campus ? which campus has the fewest faculties in year 2003 ? which campus has the most faculties in year 2003 ?
ID 1 is for which Campus ? which campus has the fewest faculties in year 2003 ? which campus has the most faculties in year 2003 ? Which campus has the most faculties in year 2003?
What are the IDs of all the products supplied by supplier 2 ?
What are the IDs of all the products supplied by supplier 2 ? What is the average price of these products ?
What are the IDs of all the products supplied by supplier 2 ? What is the average price of these products ? Show me the ID 's from the products from supplier number 2 that are more expensive than this average , please .
What are the IDs of all the products supplied by supplier 2 ? What is the average price of these products ? Show me the ID 's from the products from supplier number 2 that are more expensive than this average , please . Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products.
How many customers used Visa ?
How many customers used Visa ? And what are their names ?
How many customers used Visa ? And what are their names ? How about names of first five customers who used any type of payment ?
How many customers used Visa ? And what are their names ? How about names of first five customers who used any type of payment ? Find the name of the first 5 customers.
Hello there ! How are you ? Could you please provide me with a list of all trip IDs for the zip code 94002 ?
Hello there ! How are you ? Could you please provide me with a list of all trip IDs for the zip code 94002 ? Great ! Can you tell me which bike id has the most trips within the area with the zipcode 94002 ?
Hello there ! How are you ? Could you please provide me with a list of all trip IDs for the zip code 94002 ? Great ! Can you tell me which bike id has the most trips within the area with the zipcode 94002 ? Excellent ! Can you tell me what the total number of trips is , within zip code 94002 , for bike 252 ?
Hello there ! How are you ? Could you please provide me with a list of all trip IDs for the zip code 94002 ? Great ! Can you tell me which bike id has the most trips within the area with the zipcode 94002 ? Excellent ! Can you tell me what the total number of trips is , within zip code 94002 , for bike 252 ? Which bike traveled the most often in zip code 94002?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger ?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger ? What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 24 or older ?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger ? What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 24 or older ? How many weeks on top for volumes associated with the artist aged 24 or older ?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger ? What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 24 or older ? How many weeks on top for volumes associated with the artist aged 24 or older ? What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger?
First names of the proffesors teaching course ACCT-211 ?
First names of the proffesors teaching course ACCT-211 ? what are their birth dates ?
First names of the proffesors teaching course ACCT-211 ? what are their birth dates ? What are the first names and date of birth of professors teaching course ACCT-211?
Can you show all user ids that have more than 1 tweet ?
Can you show all user ids that have more than 1 tweet ? Thanks , can you show the names associated with those user ids ?
Can you show all user ids that have more than 1 tweet ? Thanks , can you show the names associated with those user ids ? Can you list the names in alphabetical order from top to bottom ?
Can you show all user ids that have more than 1 tweet ? Thanks , can you show the names associated with those user ids ? Can you list the names in alphabetical order from top to bottom ? Find the names of users who have more than one tweet.
Count the number of building IDs
Count the number of building IDs add a column for company id
Count the number of building IDs add a column for company id list the number of unique building ids for each company id
Count the number of building IDs add a column for company id list the number of unique building ids for each company id add a column for company name
Count the number of building IDs add a column for company id list the number of unique building ids for each company id add a column for company name Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of people on this list ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of people on this list ? Thank you for that ! Can you update the list with the job of each person as well ? | Would you like me to show you the names of all persons and also their corresponding job ? | Yes please !
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of people on this list ? Thank you for that ! Can you update the list with the job of each person as well ? | Would you like me to show you the names of all persons and also their corresponding job ? | Yes please ! Can you filter this list to show only the students ? | Would you like me to show you a list of names and corresponding jobs for people whose job is student ? | Yes please !
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of people on this list ? Thank you for that ! Can you update the list with the job of each person as well ? | Would you like me to show you the names of all persons and also their corresponding job ? | Yes please ! Can you filter this list to show only the students ? | Would you like me to show you a list of names and corresponding jobs for people whose job is student ? | Yes please ! Alright ! Can you filter that list to show only the individual who is the oldest ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the names of people on this list ? Thank you for that ! Can you update the list with the job of each person as well ? | Would you like me to show you the names of all persons and also their corresponding job ? | Yes please ! Can you filter this list to show only the students ? | Would you like me to show you a list of names and corresponding jobs for people whose job is student ? | Yes please ! Alright ! Can you filter that list to show only the individual who is the oldest ? Who is the oldest person whose job is student?
How many tracks are in the Rock genre ?
How many tracks are in the Rock genre ? Show me the name of tracks in the Rock genre .
How many tracks are in the Rock genre ? Show me the name of tracks in the Rock genre . What is the average unit price for tracks in the Rock genre ?
How many tracks are in the Rock genre ? Show me the name of tracks in the Rock genre . What is the average unit price for tracks in the Rock genre ? How many tracks are in the Jazz genre ?
How many tracks are in the Rock genre ? Show me the name of tracks in the Rock genre . What is the average unit price for tracks in the Rock genre ? How many tracks are in the Jazz genre ? How many milliseconds is the Rock genre track Balls to the Wall ?
How many tracks are in the Rock genre ? Show me the name of tracks in the Rock genre . What is the average unit price for tracks in the Rock genre ? How many tracks are in the Jazz genre ? How many milliseconds is the Rock genre track Balls to the Wall ? What is the name of tracks whose genre is Rock?
What is the phone of Jerry Prince ?
What is the phone of Jerry Prince ? What is his room number ?
What is the phone of Jerry Prince ? What is his room number ? And what is building name ?
What is the phone of Jerry Prince ? What is his room number ? And what is building name ? Show the phone, room, and building for the faculty named Jerry Prince.
What rank is Captain Conway ?
What rank is Captain Conway ? What is the average age of the midshipmans
What rank is Captain Conway ? What is the average age of the midshipmans What class of captain named Lieutenant Hugh Bolitho ?
What rank is Captain Conway ? What is the average age of the midshipmans What class of captain named Lieutenant Hugh Bolitho ? Find the name of captains whose rank are either Midshipman or Lieutenant.
What is the number of papers published by Tokohu University
What is the number of papers published by Tokohu University What about the numbers of papers published by University of Oxford ?
What is the number of papers published by Tokohu University What about the numbers of papers published by University of Oxford ? Do you have a comparison of how many papers were published by each institution ?
What is the number of papers published by Tokohu University What about the numbers of papers published by University of Oxford ? Do you have a comparison of how many papers were published by each institution ? How many papers are published by the institution "Tokohu University"?
how many publishers are there ?
how many publishers are there ? Yes please | Which one ? Do you mean the publishers of the result table that also have publications with prices lower than 5000000 or any publisher that has a publication with a price lower than 5000000 ? | in the table that you just created , add the names of the publishers with price lower than 5000000 , and include their price in the table too .
how many publishers are there ? Yes please | Which one ? Do you mean the publishers of the result table that also have publications with prices lower than 5000000 or any publisher that has a publication with a price lower than 5000000 ? | in the table that you just created , add the names of the publishers with price lower than 5000000 , and include their price in the table too . Show the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 and publications with price lower than 5000000.
hi . what is the average capacity of the stadiums ?
hi . what is the average capacity of the stadiums ? and how many stadiums are there whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity ?
hi . what is the average capacity of the stadiums ? and how many stadiums are there whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity ? what are their names ?
hi . what is the average capacity of the stadiums ? and how many stadiums are there whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity ? what are their names ? Find the names of stadiums whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity.
Hi - can you please tell me the average room count of all Provisional bookings ?
Hi - can you please tell me the average room count of all Provisional bookings ? Great - can you list all apartments with more than one bathroom and more than three bedrooms ?
Hi - can you please tell me the average room count of all Provisional bookings ? Great - can you list all apartments with more than one bathroom and more than three bedrooms ? Which apartment has the most bedrooms ?
Hi - can you please tell me the average room count of all Provisional bookings ? Great - can you list all apartments with more than one bathroom and more than three bedrooms ? Which apartment has the most bedrooms ? OK - what was the total number of bookings in 2016 ?
Hi - can you please tell me the average room count of all Provisional bookings ? Great - can you list all apartments with more than one bathroom and more than three bedrooms ? Which apartment has the most bedrooms ? OK - what was the total number of bookings in 2016 ? How many of those bookings were studio apartments ?
Hi - can you please tell me the average room count of all Provisional bookings ? Great - can you list all apartments with more than one bathroom and more than three bedrooms ? Which apartment has the most bedrooms ? OK - what was the total number of bookings in 2016 ? How many of those bookings were studio apartments ? Show the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code "Provisional".
Could you please tell me the names on all accounts in the bank ?
Could you please tell me the names on all accounts in the bank ? What are the checking and savings balances on those accounts ? Could you please sort them by their total balances in descending order ?
Could you please tell me the names on all accounts in the bank ? What are the checking and savings balances on those accounts ? Could you please sort them by their total balances in descending order ? Find the name, checking balance and savings balance of all accounts in the bank sorted by their total checking and savings balance in descending order.
Show me the documents | did you mean all the info of the documents ? | no , the name of the documents
Show me the documents | did you mean all the info of the documents ? | no , the name of the documents Show me the names containing cv
Show me the documents | did you mean all the info of the documents ? | no , the name of the documents Show me the names containing cv List all the document names which contains "CV".
What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute processed by most entries ?
What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute processed by most entries ? What are the product stock numbers with the attribute processed by most entries ?
What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute processed by most entries ? What are the product stock numbers with the attribute processed by most entries ? What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute possessed by most entries.
Can you give me a list of all products ?
Can you give me a list of all products ? Could you order them by order quantity ? | From small to large ? | large to small
Can you give me a list of all products ? Could you order them by order quantity ? | From small to large ? | large to small Which product has been ordered most number of times?
How many students are not enrolled in the course ?
How many students are not enrolled in the course ? What are names of all the students enrolled in the course ? | Do you mean the first name and last name of all the students enrolled in the course ? | Just the first names
How many students are not enrolled in the course ? What are names of all the students enrolled in the course ? | Do you mean the first name and last name of all the students enrolled in the course ? | Just the first names Find the first name of students not enrolled in any course.
which rooms have reservations ?
which rooms have reservations ? show me the average number of beds of the rooms with reservations .
which rooms have reservations ? show me the average number of beds of the rooms with reservations . how about the rooms that do not have any reservations ?
which rooms have reservations ? show me the average number of beds of the rooms with reservations . how about the rooms that do not have any reservations ? what are the number of rooms that do not have any reservations ?
which rooms have reservations ? show me the average number of beds of the rooms with reservations . how about the rooms that do not have any reservations ? what are the number of rooms that do not have any reservations ? Find the number of rooms that do not have any reservation.
What is the age of the student named Linda Smith ?
What is the age of the student named Linda Smith ? Yes , please . | First OR last OR both ? | Both , please . Sorry !
What is the age of the student named Linda Smith ? Yes , please . | First OR last OR both ? | Both , please . Sorry ! Who is the advisor of the youngest student ?
What is the age of the student named Linda Smith ? Yes , please . | First OR last OR both ? | Both , please . Sorry ! Who is the advisor of the youngest student ? What is the age of student Linda Smith?
what is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history ?
what is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history ? ok , list out the all team id winner
what is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history ? ok , list out the all team id winner ok , list out the all team id loser
what is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history ? ok , list out the all team id winner ok , list out the all team id loser What is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history?
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ?
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ? The customer who filed the latest complaint uses which phone number ?
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ? The customer who filed the latest complaint uses which phone number ? What is the address of the customer who filed the most recent complaint ?
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ? The customer who filed the latest complaint uses which phone number ? What is the address of the customer who filed the most recent complaint ? What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint?
When was the most recent appointment ? | do you want the most recent start or end of appointment | Start
When was the most recent appointment ? | do you want the most recent start or end of appointment | Start What is the patient id of that appointment ?
When was the most recent appointment ? | do you want the most recent start or end of appointment | Start What is the patient id of that appointment ? What is their name ?
When was the most recent appointment ? | do you want the most recent start or end of appointment | Start What is the patient id of that appointment ? What is their name ? What is the name of the patient who made the most recent appointment?
What projects are detailed as 'omnis ' ?
What projects are detailed as 'omnis ' ? How many of these have more than 2 outcomes ?
What projects are detailed as 'omnis ' ? How many of these have more than 2 outcomes ? How many projects ( not labeled omnis ) have two or more outcomes ?
What projects are detailed as 'omnis ' ? How many of these have more than 2 outcomes ? How many projects ( not labeled omnis ) have two or more outcomes ? What are the task details, task id and project id for the projects which are detailed as 'omnis' or  have more than 2 outcomes?
What is the description of the type of service that is performed the most often ?
What is the description of the type of service that is performed the most often ? What is the code of the type of service that is performed the most often ?
What is the description of the type of service that is performed the most often ? What is the code of the type of service that is performed the most often ? What is its parent service type code ?
What is the description of the type of service that is performed the most often ? What is the code of the type of service that is performed the most often ? What is its parent service type code ? What is the description and code of the type of service that is performed the most often?
Can you show me the top 3 highest room counts ?
Can you show me the top 3 highest room counts ? For each apartment , can you tell me the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | Do you mean for each apartment type , find the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | yes
Can you show me the top 3 highest room counts ? For each apartment , can you tell me the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | Do you mean for each apartment type , find the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | yes Can you tell me the average number of rooms for each apartment type code ?
Can you show me the top 3 highest room counts ? For each apartment , can you tell me the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | Do you mean for each apartment type , find the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | yes Can you tell me the average number of rooms for each apartment type code ? Can you sort them in descending order ?
Can you show me the top 3 highest room counts ? For each apartment , can you tell me the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | Do you mean for each apartment type , find the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | yes Can you tell me the average number of rooms for each apartment type code ? Can you sort them in descending order ? Can you show me just the apartment type codes of the top 3 ?
Can you show me the top 3 highest room counts ? For each apartment , can you tell me the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | Do you mean for each apartment type , find the average of the bedroom count , bathroom count , and room count ? | yes Can you tell me the average number of rooms for each apartment type code ? Can you sort them in descending order ? Can you show me just the apartment type codes of the top 3 ? Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
What is the customer ID of the customer with the most number of accounts ?
What is the customer ID of the customer with the most number of accounts ? What is their first name ? | Do you mean their ? can you give more info ? | What is the customer first name of the customer with the most number of accounts ?
What is the customer ID of the customer with the most number of accounts ? What is their first name ? | Do you mean their ? can you give more info ? | What is the customer first name of the customer with the most number of accounts ? What is the customer last name of the customer with the most number of accounts ?
What is the customer ID of the customer with the most number of accounts ? What is their first name ? | Do you mean their ? can you give more info ? | What is the customer first name of the customer with the most number of accounts ? What is the customer last name of the customer with the most number of accounts ? What is the customer id, first and last name with most number of accounts.
what are the college names of the students whose tryout decision is yes
what are the college names of the students whose tryout decision is yes what is the average and maximum hours for these students
what are the college names of the students whose tryout decision is yes what is the average and maximum hours for these students add the player id and college names in the same list
what are the college names of the students whose tryout decision is yes what is the average and maximum hours for these students add the player id and college names in the same list Find the average and maximum hours for the students whose tryout decision is yes.
what is the name of the stadium with the maximum capacity
what is the name of the stadium with the maximum capacity in what city is Nou Mestalla
what is the name of the stadium with the maximum capacity in what city is Nou Mestalla what country is Nou Mestalla in ?
what is the name of the stadium with the maximum capacity in what city is Nou Mestalla what country is Nou Mestalla in ? Find the name of the stadium that has the maximum capacity.
how many orders there
how many orders there what is the date order placed of order id 2
how many orders there what is the date order placed of order id 2 how many order Items there
how many orders there what is the date order placed of order id 2 how many order Items there What is the id of the order which has the most items?
how many furnitures on the table
how many furnitures on the table which furnitures are highest market rate | The name of the furniture that has the highest market rate is Billiard table | what about the highest price of furniture
how many furnitures on the table which furnitures are highest market rate | The name of the furniture that has the highest market rate is Billiard table | what about the highest price of furniture what is highest num of component ?
how many furnitures on the table which furnitures are highest market rate | The name of the furniture that has the highest market rate is Billiard table | what about the highest price of furniture what is highest num of component ? Find the names of furnitures whose prices are lower than the highest price.
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 .
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 . Please also show me names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is above 1000 . | Do you mean the names of songs for which the format is mp3 ? | Yes
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 . Please also show me names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is above 1000 . | Do you mean the names of songs for which the format is mp3 ? | Yes What is the resolution for song name `` Just beat it '' ?
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 . Please also show me names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is above 1000 . | Do you mean the names of songs for which the format is mp3 ? | Yes What is the resolution for song name `` Just beat it '' ? Please show me the names of songs for which the format is mp4 and resolution is below 1000 .
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 . Please also show me names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is above 1000 . | Do you mean the names of songs for which the format is mp3 ? | Yes What is the resolution for song name `` Just beat it '' ? Please show me the names of songs for which the format is mp4 and resolution is below 1000 . Can you show me the resolution for song name `` Aj ei Akash '' ?
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 . Please also show me names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is above 1000 . | Do you mean the names of songs for which the format is mp3 ? | Yes What is the resolution for song name `` Just beat it '' ? Please show me the names of songs for which the format is mp4 and resolution is below 1000 . Can you show me the resolution for song name `` Aj ei Akash '' ? Can you please show me the song name with highest resolution ?
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 . Please also show me names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is above 1000 . | Do you mean the names of songs for which the format is mp3 ? | Yes What is the resolution for song name `` Just beat it '' ? Please show me the names of songs for which the format is mp4 and resolution is below 1000 . Can you show me the resolution for song name `` Aj ei Akash '' ? Can you please show me the song name with highest resolution ? And what was the resolution for this song name ?
Return the names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000 . Please also show me names of songs for which the format is mp3 and resolution is above 1000 . | Do you mean the names of songs for which the format is mp3 ? | Yes What is the resolution for song name `` Just beat it '' ? Please show me the names of songs for which the format is mp4 and resolution is below 1000 . Can you show me the resolution for song name `` Aj ei Akash '' ? Can you please show me the song name with highest resolution ? And what was the resolution for this song name ? Return the names of songs for which format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000.
Show the names of all reviewers .
Show the names of all reviewers . What is the average rating of each reviewer .
Show the names of all reviewers . What is the average rating of each reviewer . List the names of all reviewers based on their average rating in ascending order .
Show the names of all reviewers . What is the average rating of each reviewer . List the names of all reviewers based on their average rating in ascending order . List all movie id associated with Brittany Harris .
Show the names of all reviewers . What is the average rating of each reviewer . List the names of all reviewers based on their average rating in ascending order . List all movie id associated with Brittany Harris . List all movie id associated with Brittany Harris and their rating date .
Show the names of all reviewers . What is the average rating of each reviewer . List the names of all reviewers based on their average rating in ascending order . List all movie id associated with Brittany Harris . List all movie id associated with Brittany Harris and their rating date . What is the average rating of all movies reviewed by Brittany Harris .
Show the names of all reviewers . What is the average rating of each reviewer . List the names of all reviewers based on their average rating in ascending order . List all movie id associated with Brittany Harris . List all movie id associated with Brittany Harris and their rating date . What is the average rating of all movies reviewed by Brittany Harris . What is the average rating star for each reviewer?
What is the Open Year of the Riverside Park ?
What is the Open Year of the Riverside Park ? What is a park in Anaheim ?
What is the Open Year of the Riverside Park ? What is a park in Anaheim ? How many people attendance for Columbia Park ? | Did you mean the sum of the attendance for the Columbia Park for all the years ? | Yes
What is the Open Year of the Riverside Park ? What is a park in Anaheim ? How many people attendance for Columbia Park ? | Did you mean the sum of the attendance for the Columbia Park for all the years ? | Yes Which park had most attendances in 2008 ?
What is the Open Year of the Riverside Park ? What is a park in Anaheim ? How many people attendance for Columbia Park ? | Did you mean the sum of the attendance for the Columbia Park for all the years ? | Yes Which park had most attendances in 2008 ? Which park had most attendances in 2008?
Which school has the largest enrollment ?
Which school has the largest enrollment ? When was the school founded ?
Which school has the largest enrollment ? When was the school founded ? Where is it located ?
Which school has the largest enrollment ? When was the school founded ? Where is it located ? How many are enrolled ?
Which school has the largest enrollment ? When was the school founded ? Where is it located ? How many are enrolled ? What is the school 's nickname ?
Which school has the largest enrollment ? When was the school founded ? Where is it located ? How many are enrolled ? What is the school 's nickname ? When was the school with the largest enrollment founded?
How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos ?
How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos ? What lenses are those ? | Which kind of information do you want about those lenses ? | What is the name of the lenses not used for taking photos ?
How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos ? What lenses are those ? | Which kind of information do you want about those lenses ? | What is the name of the lenses not used for taking photos ? What is the max aperture for the Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 45mm f/1.8 ?
How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos ? What lenses are those ? | Which kind of information do you want about those lenses ? | What is the name of the lenses not used for taking photos ? What is the max aperture for the Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 45mm f/1.8 ? How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos?
What are the lot details associated with these lot ids ?
What are the lot details associated with these lot ids ? How many lots have share count smaller than 50 ?
What are the lot details associated with these lot ids ? How many lots have share count smaller than 50 ? What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50?
Number of students in each major ?
Number of students in each major ? List of majors ?
Number of students in each major ? List of majors ? Names of students in each major ? | LName or FName ? | LName .
Number of students in each major ? List of majors ? Names of students in each major ? | LName or FName ? | LName . What about FName ?
Number of students in each major ? List of majors ? Names of students in each major ? | LName or FName ? | LName . What about FName ? Which major has the most number of students ?
Number of students in each major ? List of majors ? Names of students in each major ? | LName or FName ? | LName . What about FName ? Which major has the most number of students ? Which major has the least ?
Number of students in each major ? List of majors ? Names of students in each major ? | LName or FName ? | LName . What about FName ? Which major has the most number of students ? Which major has the least ? Which major has the most students?
What is the ID of the longest song , please ?
What is the ID of the longest song , please ? What is the artist name of that song ?
What is the ID of the longest song , please ? What is the artist name of that song ? What is the duration of that song ?
What is the ID of the longest song , please ? What is the artist name of that song ? What is the duration of that song ? What about the shortest song ?
What is the ID of the longest song , please ? What is the artist name of that song ? What is the duration of that song ? What about the shortest song ? What is the average duration of all songs ?
What is the ID of the longest song , please ? What is the artist name of that song ? What is the duration of that song ? What about the shortest song ? What is the average duration of all songs ? What is the id of the longest song?
What are the top 3 highest support rates ?
What are the top 3 highest support rates ? What are the poll sources of those support rates ?
What are the top 3 highest support rates ? What are the poll sources of those support rates ? What are the dates for those support rates ?
What are the top 3 highest support rates ? What are the poll sources of those support rates ? What are the dates for those support rates ? What 's the unsure rate of those ?
What are the top 3 highest support rates ? What are the poll sources of those support rates ? What are the dates for those support rates ? What 's the unsure rate of those ? What are the consider rates of those ?
What are the top 3 highest support rates ? What are the poll sources of those support rates ? What are the dates for those support rates ? What 's the unsure rate of those ? What are the consider rates of those ? What are the oppose rates of those ?
What are the top 3 highest support rates ? What are the poll sources of those support rates ? What are the dates for those support rates ? What 's the unsure rate of those ? What are the consider rates of those ? What are the oppose rates of those ? what are the top 3 highest support rates?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all the claim IDs and their associated claim amount ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all the claim IDs and their associated claim amount ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter this list to show the rows and associated Claim IDs and amounts for the claims with a higher than average amount ? | Hi sorry , can you ask this question again . | Sorry ! I 'll ask it a different way ... Can you please list all claim ids which have a higher than average claim amount ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all the claim IDs and their associated claim amount ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter this list to show the rows and associated Claim IDs and amounts for the claims with a higher than average amount ? | Hi sorry , can you ask this question again . | Sorry ! I 'll ask it a different way ... Can you please list all claim ids which have a higher than average claim amount ? Great ! Can you tell me which ClaimID is associated with the largest claim amount ?
Hello ! Can you show me a list of all the claim IDs and their associated claim amount ? Thank you for that ! Can you filter this list to show the rows and associated Claim IDs and amounts for the claims with a higher than average amount ? | Hi sorry , can you ask this question again . | Sorry ! I 'll ask it a different way ... Can you please list all claim ids which have a higher than average claim amount ? Great ! Can you tell me which ClaimID is associated with the largest claim amount ? Among all the claims, which claims have a claimed amount larger than the average? List the date the claim was made and the date it was settled.
what is the highest length of coaster
what is the highest length of coaster which roller coaster are top speed
what is the highest length of coaster which roller coaster are top speed what is the height of Boardwalk Bullet
what is the highest length of coaster which roller coaster are top speed what is the height of Boardwalk Bullet How many countries do not have an roller coaster longer than 3000?
Excellent ! Can you show me a list of the event IDs and event details for each of those five events which have more than one participant ?
Excellent ! Can you show me a list of the event IDs and event details for each of those five events which have more than one participant ? What are the ids and details of events that have more than one participants?
What are the ratingDate of mID 101 ?
What are the ratingDate of mID 101 ? Find The releasing year of The Sound of Music .
What are the ratingDate of mID 101 ? Find The releasing year of The Sound of Music . Who is directed by Star Wars ? | Did you mean to ask for the name of the director who directed Star Wars ? | Yes
What are the ratingDate of mID 101 ? Find The releasing year of The Sound of Music . Who is directed by Star Wars ? | Did you mean to ask for the name of the director who directed Star Wars ? | Yes What is the average rating stars and title for the oldest movie ?
What are the ratingDate of mID 101 ? Find The releasing year of The Sound of Music . Who is directed by Star Wars ? | Did you mean to ask for the name of the director who directed Star Wars ? | Yes What is the average rating stars and title for the oldest movie ? What is the average rating stars and title for the oldest movie?
Yes , what 's the name of the county with the biggest population ?
Yes , what 's the name of the county with the biggest population ? And the name with the smallest population ?
Yes , what 's the name of the county with the biggest population ? And the name with the smallest population ? What is the population of Baltimore County ?
Yes , what 's the name of the county with the biggest population ? And the name with the smallest population ? What is the population of Baltimore County ? What is its zip code ?
Yes , what 's the name of the county with the biggest population ? And the name with the smallest population ? What is the population of Baltimore County ? What is its zip code ? Show the name of the county with the biggest population.
how many on the customers cards table | Do you mean the amount of customer cards ? | yes exactly
how many on the customers cards table | Do you mean the amount of customer cards ? | yes exactly what is the 4560596484842 of customer id | The customer_id is 14 | what is the customer id with most number of cards , and how many does he have ?
how many on the customers cards table | Do you mean the amount of customer cards ? | yes exactly what is the 4560596484842 of customer id | The customer_id is 14 | what is the customer id with most number of cards , and how many does he have ? What is the customer id with most number of cards, and how many does he have?
How many failed the exam ?
How many failed the exam ? And what about passed ?
How many failed the exam ? And what about passed ? Can you list each test result and it 's count in descending order based on count ?
How many failed the exam ? And what about passed ? Can you list each test result and it 's count in descending order based on count ? Yes , what are ids of all passed exams ?
How many failed the exam ? And what about passed ? Can you list each test result and it 's count in descending order based on count ? Yes , what are ids of all passed exams ? List each test result and its count in descending order of count.
yes , i want to know about the mascots for schools . | What about the mascot for schools do you want to know ? | I want to know that what are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average ?
yes , i want to know about the mascots for schools . | What about the mascot for schools do you want to know ? | I want to know that what are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average ? but i want above average list only .
yes , i want to know about the mascots for schools . | What about the mascot for schools do you want to know ? | I want to know that what are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average ? but i want above average list only . What are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average?
Could you show me the maximum booked count for the booked products ?
Could you show me the maximum booked count for the booked products ? Could you also add the minimum number of booked products ?
Could you show me the maximum booked count for the booked products ? Could you also add the minimum number of booked products ? Finally , could you add the average booked count for the products ?
Could you show me the maximum booked count for the booked products ? Could you also add the minimum number of booked products ? Finally , could you add the average booked count for the products ? What are the maximum, minimum, and average booked count for the products booked?
Find the start date of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ?
Find the start date of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? Find the incident type code of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ?
Find the start date of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? Find the incident type code of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? What is the date left university of the student with the last name `` Fahey '' ?
Find the start date of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? Find the incident type code of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? What is the date left university of the student with the last name `` Fahey '' ? How many students have the incident type code `` VIOLENCE '' ?
Find the start date of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? Find the incident type code of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? What is the date left university of the student with the last name `` Fahey '' ? How many students have the incident type code `` VIOLENCE '' ? What are the names of the students that have the incident type code `` VIOLENCE '' ? | Do you mean last name or first name ? | Both , please .
Find the start date of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? Find the incident type code of behavior incidents of students with the last name `` Fahey '' ? What is the date left university of the student with the last name `` Fahey '' ? How many students have the incident type code `` VIOLENCE '' ? What are the names of the students that have the incident type code `` VIOLENCE '' ? | Do you mean last name or first name ? | Both , please . Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name "Fahey".
Show the most common type of ships
Show the most common type of ships Please show the most common type of ships.
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? How about the total number of dorms ?
How many students are there ? How about the total number of dorms ? Can you list their names ?
How many students are there ? How about the total number of dorms ? Can you list their names ? How many students live in Smith Hall ?
How many students are there ? How about the total number of dorms ? Can you list their names ? How many students live in Smith Hall ? How many of them are females ?
How many students are there ? How about the total number of dorms ? Can you list their names ? How many students live in Smith Hall ? How many of them are females ? Find the number of female students (with F sex) living in Smith Hall
what are the names of the payment method of customers who have both mailshot in 'Order ' outcome and mailshot in 'No response ' outcome .
what are the names of the payment method of customers who have both mailshot in 'Order ' outcome and mailshot in 'No response ' outcome . How many customers pay by Credit card ?
what are the names of the payment method of customers who have both mailshot in 'Order ' outcome and mailshot in 'No response ' outcome . How many customers pay by Credit card ? which customers pay with debit card ?
what are the names of the payment method of customers who have both mailshot in 'Order ' outcome and mailshot in 'No response ' outcome . How many customers pay by Credit card ? which customers pay with debit card ? What are the name and payment method of customers who have both mailshots in 'Order' outcome and mailshots in 'No Response' outcome.
What countries have not participated in any competition with Friendly type ?
What countries have not participated in any competition with Friendly type ? How many countries have not participated in competitions with friendly types ?
What countries have not participated in any competition with Friendly type ? How many countries have not participated in competitions with friendly types ? Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type.
Thanks . What is the visit details of the visitor whose detail is Vincent ?
Thanks . What is the visit details of the visitor whose detail is Vincent ? What about the visit dates ?
Thanks . What is the visit details of the visitor whose detail is Vincent ? What about the visit dates ? Can you show me dates of all visits before the year 2013 only ?
Thanks . What is the visit details of the visitor whose detail is Vincent ? What about the visit dates ? Can you show me dates of all visits before the year 2013 only ? What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is Toney ?
Thanks . What is the visit details of the visitor whose detail is Vincent ? What about the visit dates ? Can you show me dates of all visits before the year 2013 only ? What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is Toney ? What about for Graciela ?
Thanks . What is the visit details of the visitor whose detail is Vincent ? What about the visit dates ? Can you show me dates of all visits before the year 2013 only ? What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is Toney ? What about for Graciela ? What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent'?
how many customers are presented on the table
how many customers are presented on the table list out the customers first name
how many customers are presented on the table list out the customers first name what is the card number of Aniyah | Do you mean the customer with first name Aniyah | exactly
how many customers are presented on the table list out the customers first name what is the card number of Aniyah | Do you mean the customer with first name Aniyah | exactly How many cards does customer Art Turcotte have?
What are the maximum number of transit passengers of all airports ?
What are the maximum number of transit passengers of all airports ? What are the minimum number of transit passengers of all airports ?
What are the maximum number of transit passengers of all airports ? What are the minimum number of transit passengers of all airports ? What is the average of all domestic passengers ?
What are the maximum number of transit passengers of all airports ? What are the minimum number of transit passengers of all airports ? What is the average of all domestic passengers ? What airport name has the highest amount of international passengers ?
What are the maximum number of transit passengers of all airports ? What are the minimum number of transit passengers of all airports ? What is the average of all domestic passengers ? What airport name has the highest amount of international passengers ? What are the maximum and minimum number of transit passengers of all aiports.
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches ?
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches ? How many students does MIN MACROSTIE teaches ?
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches ? How many students does MIN MACROSTIE teaches ? What are the first and last names of the teachers that teach STORMY CHRISTENSEN ?
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches ? How many students does MIN MACROSTIE teaches ? What are the first and last names of the teachers that teach STORMY CHRISTENSEN ? How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches?
How many released albums are there ?
How many released albums are there ? How many artists have released albums ?
How many released albums are there ? How many artists have released albums ? how many albums are released by artist with 'Led ' in their name ?
How many released albums are there ? How many artists have released albums ? how many albums are released by artist with 'Led ' in their name ? Show me the names of those albums
How many released albums are there ? How many artists have released albums ? how many albums are released by artist with 'Led ' in their name ? Show me the names of those albums List the name of albums that are released by aritist whose name has 'Led'
Hello . What is the name of the youngest editor ?
Hello . What is the name of the youngest editor ? What is the age of the youngest editor ?
Hello . What is the name of the youngest editor ? What is the age of the youngest editor ? What is the name of that editor ?
Hello . What is the name of the youngest editor ? What is the age of the youngest editor ? What is the name of that editor ? Can you tell me the name of the oldest editor as well ?
Hello . What is the name of the youngest editor ? What is the age of the youngest editor ? What is the name of that editor ? Can you tell me the name of the oldest editor as well ? What is the name of the youngest editor?
what the highest population in the county public safety table
what the highest population in the county public safety table how many locations in the county public safety table
what the highest population in the county public safety table how many locations in the county public safety table what are the highest crime rate in the county public safety table
what the highest population in the county public safety table how many locations in the county public safety table what are the highest crime rate in the county public safety table Show the crime rate of counties with a city having white percentage more than 90.
What is Alice friend name ?
What is Alice friend name ? How old is Alice friend ?
What is Alice friend name ? How old is Alice friend ? Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice.
WHICH SHOP HAS THE LARGEST QUANTITY OF DEVICES IN STOCK
WHICH SHOP HAS THE LARGEST QUANTITY OF DEVICES IN STOCK WHAT IS THE LOCATION OF THIS SHOP
WHICH SHOP HAS THE LARGEST QUANTITY OF DEVICES IN STOCK WHAT IS THE LOCATION OF THIS SHOP WHAT IS THE SHOP ID | Do you mean the shop id for the shop that has the largest quantity of devices in stock ? | YES
WHICH SHOP HAS THE LARGEST QUANTITY OF DEVICES IN STOCK WHAT IS THE LOCATION OF THIS SHOP WHAT IS THE SHOP ID | Do you mean the shop id for the shop that has the largest quantity of devices in stock ? | YES Show the name of the shop that have the largest quantity of devices in stock.
What is the tallest height ?
What is the tallest height ? What is that person 's name ?
What is the tallest height ? What is that person 's name ? How old is he ?
What is the tallest height ? What is that person 's name ? How old is he ? What is the age of the tallest person?
Can you show me the average enrollment of all schools ?
Can you show me the average enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the maximum enrollment of all schools ?
Can you show me the average enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the maximum enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the minimum enrollment of all schools ?
Can you show me the average enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the maximum enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the minimum enrollment of all schools ? What is the name of the school with the maximum enrollment ?
Can you show me the average enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the maximum enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the minimum enrollment of all schools ? What is the name of the school with the maximum enrollment ? What is the name of the school with the minimum enrollment ?
Can you show me the average enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the maximum enrollment of all schools ? Can you show me the minimum enrollment of all schools ? What is the name of the school with the maximum enrollment ? What is the name of the school with the minimum enrollment ? Show the average, maximum, minimum enrollment of all schools.
Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms ?
Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms ? Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with more than 25 total passengers ?
Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms ? Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with more than 25 total passengers ? Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with exactly 19 platforms ?
Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms ? Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with more than 25 total passengers ? Could you show me all the locations that have train stations with exactly 19 platforms ? Show all locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms and train stations with more than 25 total passengers.
hi . show me the names of all of the departments
hi . show me the names of all of the departments can you please display only the department names with the number of employees in each one ?
hi . show me the names of all of the departments can you please display only the department names with the number of employees in each one ? display the department name and number of employees in each of the department.
I 'd like to know how many professors have a Ph.D. or MA ?
I 'd like to know how many professors have a Ph.D. or MA ? How many of them are Ph.D. degrees ?
I 'd like to know how many professors have a Ph.D. or MA ? How many of them are Ph.D. degrees ? How many professors who has a either Ph.D. or MA degree?
Show me the names of all the physicians ?
Show me the names of all the physicians ? Show me the ssn of the physician named John Dorian ?
Show me the names of all the physicians ? Show me the ssn of the physician named John Dorian ? Show me the name of the physician with employee id 2 ?
Show me the names of all the physicians ? Show me the ssn of the physician named John Dorian ? Show me the name of the physician with employee id 2 ? Show me the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose ?
Show me the names of all the physicians ? Show me the ssn of the physician named John Dorian ? Show me the name of the physician with employee id 2 ? Show me the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose ? What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose?
how many customer orders there
how many customer orders there what is the customer id of order id 2
how many customer orders there what is the customer id of order id 2 what is the order date of order id 1
how many customer orders there what is the customer id of order id 2 what is the order date of order id 1 Find the ids of all distinct customers who made order after some orders that were Cancelled.
What city does Alice live in ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ? How old is Bob ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ? How old is Bob ? Where does he live ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ? How old is Bob ? Where does he live ? How many males are there ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ? How old is Bob ? Where does he live ? How many males are there ? How about Salt Lake City ? | Would you like a list of the names of all the people who live in Salt Lake City ? | Who is the oldest person ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ? How old is Bob ? Where does he live ? How many males are there ? How about Salt Lake City ? | Would you like a list of the names of all the people who live in Salt Lake City ? | Who is the oldest person ? How old is the doctor named Zach ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ? How old is Bob ? Where does he live ? How many males are there ? How about Salt Lake City ? | Would you like a list of the names of all the people who live in Salt Lake City ? | Who is the oldest person ? How old is the doctor named Zach ? How many male engineers are there ?
What city does Alice live in ? What gender is Alice ? What job does Bob do ? How old is Bob ? Where does he live ? How many males are there ? How about Salt Lake City ? | Would you like a list of the names of all the people who live in Salt Lake City ? | Who is the oldest person ? How old is the doctor named Zach ? How many male engineers are there ? How old is the doctor named Zach?
Find the name of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order .
Find the name of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order . Can you add in their customer IDs to the table please ?
Find the name of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order . Can you add in their customer IDs to the table please ? What is the average balance of all accounts ?
Find the name of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order . Can you add in their customer IDs to the table please ? What is the average balance of all accounts ? What is the name on the account with the lowest balance ? | The name of the account with the lowest saving balance is Weeks | What is the name on the account with the third highest saving balance ?
Find the name of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order . Can you add in their customer IDs to the table please ? What is the average balance of all accounts ? What is the name on the account with the lowest balance ? | The name of the account with the lowest saving balance is Weeks | What is the name on the account with the third highest saving balance ? Find the name and savings balance of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order.
How many physicians are there in total ?
How many physicians are there in total ? What are their names ?
How many physicians are there in total ? What are their names ? Which of their position titles contain the word senior in it ?
How many physicians are there in total ? What are their names ? Which of their position titles contain the word senior in it ? What is the name of that physician who has the Senior Attending Physician title ?
How many physicians are there in total ? What are their names ? Which of their position titles contain the word senior in it ? What is the name of that physician who has the Senior Attending Physician title ? Find the name of physicians whose position title contains the word 'senior'.
Hello , can you please tell me the most weeks spent on top ?
Hello , can you please tell me the most weeks spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 3.0 weeks on top ?
Hello , can you please tell me the most weeks spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What are the names of the two volumes that spend 3.0 weeks on top ? | What do you mean by names ? | I am sorry - what are the songs of the two volumes that spent 3.0 weeks on top ?
Hello , can you please tell me the most weeks spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What are the names of the two volumes that spend 3.0 weeks on top ? | What do you mean by names ? | I am sorry - what are the songs of the two volumes that spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What was the minimum time spent on top ?
Hello , can you please tell me the most weeks spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What are the names of the two volumes that spend 3.0 weeks on top ? | What do you mean by names ? | I am sorry - what are the songs of the two volumes that spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What was the minimum time spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 1.0 weeks on top ?
Hello , can you please tell me the most weeks spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What are the names of the two volumes that spend 3.0 weeks on top ? | What do you mean by names ? | I am sorry - what are the songs of the two volumes that spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What was the minimum time spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 1.0 weeks on top ? Did any artist ID appear more than once in the weeks spent on top ? | Do you mean the artists id which has more than one volume ? | Yes please .
Hello , can you please tell me the most weeks spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What are the names of the two volumes that spend 3.0 weeks on top ? | What do you mean by names ? | I am sorry - what are the songs of the two volumes that spent 3.0 weeks on top ? What was the minimum time spent on top ? And how many volumes spent 1.0 weeks on top ? Did any artist ID appear more than once in the weeks spent on top ? | Do you mean the artists id which has more than one volume ? | Yes please . What are the maximum and minimum week on top of all volumes?
Yes please
Yes please How about the total number of enrollments for just colleges that were founded after the year 1850 ?
Yes please How about the total number of enrollments for just colleges that were founded after the year 1850 ? How about the total number of enrollments for just colleges that were founded after the year 1850 for each type of affiliation ?
Yes please How about the total number of enrollments for just colleges that were founded after the year 1850 ? How about the total number of enrollments for just colleges that were founded after the year 1850 for each type of affiliation ? Find the total number of students enrolled in the colleges that were founded after the year of 1850 for each affiliation type.
hi . How many routes are there ?
hi . How many routes are there ? how many have destination airports in Italy ?
hi . How many routes are there ? how many have destination airports in Italy ? Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy.
What are the names of all the dorms ?
What are the names of all the dorms ? Which of those dorms have a TV Lounge ?
What are the names of all the dorms ? Which of those dorms have a TV Lounge ? What dorms have no Study Room as an amenity ? | Do you mean among those with a TV Lounge ? | Yes .
What are the names of all the dorms ? Which of those dorms have a TV Lounge ? What dorms have no Study Room as an amenity ? | Do you mean among those with a TV Lounge ? | Yes . And the gender that is housed ?
What are the names of all the dorms ? Which of those dorms have a TV Lounge ? What dorms have no Study Room as an amenity ? | Do you mean among those with a TV Lounge ? | Yes . And the gender that is housed ? Are there any other amenities that the dorm features ? | For this dorm ? Or for all dorms ? | For this dorm .
What are the names of all the dorms ? Which of those dorms have a TV Lounge ? What dorms have no Study Room as an amenity ? | Do you mean among those with a TV Lounge ? | Yes . And the gender that is housed ? Are there any other amenities that the dorm features ? | For this dorm ? Or for all dorms ? | For this dorm . Find the name of dorms which have TV Lounge but no Study Room as amenity.
What is the prerequisite for Mobile computing ?
What is the prerequisite for Mobile computing ? What is the department name for these courses ?
What is the prerequisite for Mobile computing ? What is the department name for these courses ? How many courses are there in the History Department ?
What is the prerequisite for Mobile computing ? What is the department name for these courses ? How many courses are there in the History Department ? What is the course title of the prerequisite of course Mobile Computing?
What procedures is John Wen trained in ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure that John Wen is trained in ? | Yes .
What procedures is John Wen trained in ? | Do you mean the name of the procedure that John Wen is trained in ? | Yes . Find the names of procedures which physician John Wen was trained in.
Tell me the chip model which has screen mode greater than 2.0 ? And also tell me the company name of that ...
Tell me the chip model which has screen mode greater than 2.0 ? And also tell me the company name of that ... Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use .
Tell me the chip model which has screen mode greater than 2.0 ? And also tell me the company name of that ... Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use . Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use.
What are the apartment type codes ?
What are the apartment type codes ? What are the Maximum rooms for each Apartment type code ?
What are the apartment type codes ? What are the Maximum rooms for each Apartment type code ? What are the Minimum rooms for each Apartment type code ?
What are the apartment type codes ? What are the Maximum rooms for each Apartment type code ? What are the Minimum rooms for each Apartment type code ? What is the Apartment type code of building id 808 ?
What are the apartment type codes ? What are the Maximum rooms for each Apartment type code ? What are the Minimum rooms for each Apartment type code ? What is the Apartment type code of building id 808 ? Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
what is the average age
what is the average age who is the youngest
what is the average age who is the youngest show the most common nationality of hosts
what is the average age who is the youngest show the most common nationality of hosts Show the most common nationality of hosts.
actually i mean how many product are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the distinct number of product ids in the table Products_Booked ? | exactly
actually i mean how many product are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the distinct number of product ids in the table Products_Booked ? | exactly what is the highest booked amount
actually i mean how many product are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the distinct number of product ids in the table Products_Booked ? | exactly what is the highest booked amount what is the least booked count
actually i mean how many product are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the distinct number of product ids in the table Products_Booked ? | exactly what is the highest booked amount what is the least booked count what is the id of the product that is booked for 5 times ?
actually i mean how many product are on the table | Did you mean to ask for the distinct number of product ids in the table Products_Booked ? | exactly what is the highest booked amount what is the least booked count what is the id of the product that is booked for 5 times ? What is the id of the product that is booked for 3 times?
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id ?
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id ? Which claim had the highest claim value ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id .
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id ? Which claim had the highest claim value ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id . What date was that claim made ?
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id ? Which claim had the highest claim value ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id . What date was that claim made ? What date was that claim settled ?
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id ? Which claim had the highest claim value ? Please list the date the claim was made and the claim id . What date was that claim made ? What date was that claim settled ? Which claims caused more than 2 settlements or have the maximum claim value? List the date the claim was made and the claim id.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the First and Last names of all authors with the last name of `` Ohori '' ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the First and Last names of all authors with the last name of `` Ohori '' ? Thank you so much ! Can you please provide me with Atsushi Ohori 's author ID ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the First and Last names of all authors with the last name of `` Ohori '' ? Thank you so much ! Can you please provide me with Atsushi Ohori 's author ID ? Can you please provide me with a list of all paper IDs that are associated with author ID 57 ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the First and Last names of all authors with the last name of `` Ohori '' ? Thank you so much ! Can you please provide me with Atsushi Ohori 's author ID ? Can you please provide me with a list of all paper IDs that are associated with author ID 57 ? Thank you ! Can you provide me with the paper title of PaperID 204 ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the First and Last names of all authors with the last name of `` Ohori '' ? Thank you so much ! Can you please provide me with Atsushi Ohori 's author ID ? Can you please provide me with a list of all paper IDs that are associated with author ID 57 ? Thank you ! Can you provide me with the paper title of PaperID 204 ? Find the titles of papers whose first author is affiliated with an institution in the country "Japan" and has last name "Ohori"?
Can you list the ages of all the artists from United States ?
Can you list the ages of all the artists from United States ? What is the average age of all the artists from United States ?
Can you list the ages of all the artists from United States ? What is the average age of all the artists from United States ? Hmm , I also want to know the minimum age of all the artists from United States please .
Can you list the ages of all the artists from United States ? What is the average age of all the artists from United States ? Hmm , I also want to know the minimum age of all the artists from United States please . What is the average and minimum age of all artists from United States.
Hello , how many drivers are there in total ?
Hello , how many drivers are there in total ? Perfect , how many drivers had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 total races ?
Hello , how many drivers are there in total ? Perfect , how many drivers had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 total races ? Okay , which driver had the most amount of pit stops ?
Hello , how many drivers are there in total ? Perfect , how many drivers had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 total races ? Okay , which driver had the most amount of pit stops ? What are the drivers' last names and id who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results?
I want to know the store chains with the largest department stores
I want to know the store chains with the largest department stores What about the ID of the department store chain that has the second largest number of department stores ?
I want to know the store chains with the largest department stores What about the ID of the department store chain that has the second largest number of department stores ? OK , do you have the names of the above stores ?
I want to know the store chains with the largest department stores What about the ID of the department store chain that has the second largest number of department stores ? OK , do you have the names of the above stores ? What about their store address ?
I want to know the store chains with the largest department stores What about the ID of the department store chain that has the second largest number of department stores ? OK , do you have the names of the above stores ? What about their store address ? Kindly let me know the store emails of the above stores
I want to know the store chains with the largest department stores What about the ID of the department store chain that has the second largest number of department stores ? OK , do you have the names of the above stores ? What about their store address ? Kindly let me know the store emails of the above stores What are the ids of the two department store chains with the largest number of department stores?
What are the ids of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ?
What are the ids of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the document type codes of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ?
What are the ids of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the document type codes of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the project id of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ?
What are the ids of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the document type codes of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the project id of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the ids of documents with the letter 'a ' in the name with any expense budgets ?
What are the ids of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the document type codes of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the project id of documents with the letter 's ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the ids of documents with the letter 'a ' in the name with any expense budgets ? What are the ids of documents with letter 's' in the name with any expense budgets.
What department is the Introduction to Computer Science course in ?
What department is the Introduction to Computer Science course in ? Ok , the class will be in Room 224 . Do you know who the instructor will be ?
What department is the Introduction to Computer Science course in ? Ok , the class will be in Room 224 . Do you know who the instructor will be ? What day is class ?
What department is the Introduction to Computer Science course in ? Ok , the class will be in Room 224 . Do you know who the instructor will be ? What day is class ? How long is the class ?
What department is the Introduction to Computer Science course in ? Ok , the class will be in Room 224 . Do you know who the instructor will be ? What day is class ? How long is the class ? Oh ok , how many credit hours is this course worth ?
What department is the Introduction to Computer Science course in ? Ok , the class will be in Room 224 . Do you know who the instructor will be ? What day is class ? How long is the class ? Oh ok , how many credit hours is this course worth ? Find the department name and room of the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE.
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAS KILLED AT SOUTH KOREA ?
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAS KILLED AT SOUTH KOREA ? WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE PERPETRATOR WITH THE BIGGEST WEIGHT ?
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAS KILLED AT SOUTH KOREA ? WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE PERPETRATOR WITH THE BIGGEST WEIGHT ? WHERE IS THE LOCATION OF EVENTS IN JAPAN ?
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAS KILLED AT SOUTH KOREA ? WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE PERPETRATOR WITH THE BIGGEST WEIGHT ? WHERE IS THE LOCATION OF EVENTS IN JAPAN ? What is the name of the perpetrator with the biggest weight.
How many mills are built by American architects ?
How many mills are built by American architects ? Hmm , I also want to know how many mills are built by Canadian architects .
How many mills are built by American architects ? Hmm , I also want to know how many mills are built by Canadian architects . What are the distinct type of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects ?
How many mills are built by American architects ? Hmm , I also want to know how many mills are built by Canadian architects . What are the distinct type of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects ? What are the distinct types of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects?
What is the average age of all of the members of the club called `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
What is the average age of all of the members of the club called `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? How many people with sex `` M '' and sex `` F '' are in that club ?
What is the average age of all of the members of the club called `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? How many people with sex `` M '' and sex `` F '' are in that club ? Who is the president of that club ?
What is the average age of all of the members of the club called `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? How many people with sex `` M '' and sex `` F '' are in that club ? Who is the president of that club ? What is the average age of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
The column `` winning_pilot `` in Table : `` MATCH '' refers to column `` pilot_id '' in Table : `` pilot '' | Did you mean that you want to get Pilot Id ? | Yes
The column `` winning_pilot `` in Table : `` MATCH '' refers to column `` pilot_id '' in Table : `` pilot '' | Did you mean that you want to get Pilot Id ? | Yes find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilot who are younger than 30
The column `` winning_pilot `` in Table : `` MATCH '' refers to column `` pilot_id '' in Table : `` pilot '' | Did you mean that you want to get Pilot Id ? | Yes find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilot who are younger than 30 find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilots who are younger than 30.
Can you list the names of all the customers who never placed a single order ?
Can you list the names of all the customers who never placed a single order ? What date did they each become customers ?
Can you list the names of all the customers who never placed a single order ? What date did they each become customers ? What are the names of the customers who cancelled their orders ?
Can you list the names of all the customers who never placed a single order ? What date did they each become customers ? What are the names of the customers who cancelled their orders ? Find the names of customers who never placed an order.
Can you give me the allergies that the student with the first name Lisa has
Can you give me the allergies that the student with the first name Lisa has Are there any other names that have allergies | Do you want the first name or the last name of students other than Lisa who have allergies ? | Can i have the list of foods that Lisa is allergic to
Can you give me the allergies that the student with the first name Lisa has Are there any other names that have allergies | Do you want the first name or the last name of students other than Lisa who have allergies ? | Can i have the list of foods that Lisa is allergic to What are the allergies and their types that the student with first name Lisa has? And order the result by name of allergies.
What is the total pounds of purchases in the year 2018 for all branches in London ?
What is the total pounds of purchases in the year 2018 for all branches in London ? How many branches are there in London ?
What is the total pounds of purchases in the year 2018 for all branches in London ? How many branches are there in London ? What is the sum of total pounds of purchase in year 2018 for all branches in London?
how many file ids ?
how many file ids ? what is country for Shrikanta ?
how many file ids ? what is country for Shrikanta ? who is highest rating ?
how many file ids ? what is country for Shrikanta ? who is highest rating ? what is languages for Prity and genre ? | Do you mean the song with the artist name Prity ? | yes
how many file ids ? what is country for Shrikanta ? who is highest rating ? what is languages for Prity and genre ? | Do you mean the song with the artist name Prity ? | yes find the file size for Farida ?
how many file ids ? what is country for Shrikanta ? who is highest rating ? what is languages for Prity and genre ? | Do you mean the song with the artist name Prity ? | yes find the file size for Farida ? Find the id of songs that are available in mp4 format and have resolution lower than 1000.
Which builder has the least trains ?
Which builder has the least trains ? How about the builder with the most trains ?
Which builder has the least trains ? How about the builder with the most trains ? What is his id ?
Which builder has the least trains ? How about the builder with the most trains ? What is his id ? Show the id and builder of the railway that are associated with the most trains.
How many different aircrafts are there ? | Do you mean different names of aircrafts ? | Yes , how many different names .
How many different aircrafts are there ? | Do you mean different names of aircrafts ? | Yes , how many different names . Show me the name of the aircraft with the fewest people who have its certificate
How many different aircrafts are there ? | Do you mean different names of aircrafts ? | Yes , how many different names . Show me the name of the aircraft with the fewest people who have its certificate How many people have the 747-400 certificate ? | Do you mean the name of Boeing 747-400 in the Boeing 747-400 table ? | yes
How many different aircrafts are there ? | Do you mean different names of aircrafts ? | Yes , how many different names . Show me the name of the aircraft with the fewest people who have its certificate How many people have the 747-400 certificate ? | Do you mean the name of Boeing 747-400 in the Boeing 747-400 table ? | yes how far is its distance ? | Did you mean the distance of Boeing 747-400 ? | Yes
How many different aircrafts are there ? | Do you mean different names of aircrafts ? | Yes , how many different names . Show me the name of the aircraft with the fewest people who have its certificate How many people have the 747-400 certificate ? | Do you mean the name of Boeing 747-400 in the Boeing 747-400 table ? | yes how far is its distance ? | Did you mean the distance of Boeing 747-400 ? | Yes and the Boeing 737-800 ? | And what do you want to know about the Boeing 737-800 ? | What is the distance of the Boeing 737-800 ?
How many different aircrafts are there ? | Do you mean different names of aircrafts ? | Yes , how many different names . Show me the name of the aircraft with the fewest people who have its certificate How many people have the 747-400 certificate ? | Do you mean the name of Boeing 747-400 in the Boeing 747-400 table ? | yes how far is its distance ? | Did you mean the distance of Boeing 747-400 ? | Yes and the Boeing 737-800 ? | And what do you want to know about the Boeing 737-800 ? | What is the distance of the Boeing 737-800 ? Show the name of aircraft which fewest people have its certificate.
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the departments and the budgets ?
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the departments and the budgets ? Thank you ! Can you filter that list to show only the department with the lowest budget ?
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the departments and the budgets ? Thank you ! Can you filter that list to show only the department with the lowest budget ? Awesome ! Can you add the building of the Comp Sci department to that list as well ?
Hello there ! Can you show me a list of all of the departments and the budgets ? Thank you ! Can you filter that list to show only the department with the lowest budget ? Awesome ! Can you add the building of the Comp Sci department to that list as well ? Which department has the lowest budget?
how many ship there
how many ship there what is the name of ship id 2
how many ship there what is the name of ship id 2 what is the built year of the ship id 3
how many ship there what is the name of ship id 2 what is the built year of the ship id 3 what is the class of the ship id 1
how many ship there what is the name of ship id 2 what is the built year of the ship id 3 what is the class of the ship id 1 what is the flag of the ship id 1
how many ship there what is the name of ship id 2 what is the built year of the ship id 3 what is the class of the ship id 1 what is the flag of the ship id 1 Find the name, type, and flag of the ship that is built in the most recent year.
Could you please get me the name of the county with the largest population ?
Could you please get me the name of the county with the largest population ? How many police officers are there in that county ?
Could you please get me the name of the county with the largest population ? How many police officers are there in that county ? What counties have more police officers than that ? | do you want to return their names ? | Yes , please .
Could you please get me the name of the county with the largest population ? How many police officers are there in that county ? What counties have more police officers than that ? | do you want to return their names ? | Yes , please . Which county has the lowest amount of police officers ?
Could you please get me the name of the county with the largest population ? How many police officers are there in that county ? What counties have more police officers than that ? | do you want to return their names ? | Yes , please . Which county has the lowest amount of police officers ? How many police officers are in that county ?
Could you please get me the name of the county with the largest population ? How many police officers are there in that county ? What counties have more police officers than that ? | do you want to return their names ? | Yes , please . Which county has the lowest amount of police officers ? How many police officers are in that county ? List the name of the county with the largest population.
Can you tell me how many teachers teach fifth grade ?
Can you tell me how many teachers teach fifth grade ? What is that teacher 's last name ?
Can you tell me how many teachers teach fifth grade ? What is that teacher 's last name ? What classroom does this teacher teach in ?
Can you tell me how many teachers teach fifth grade ? What is that teacher 's last name ? What classroom does this teacher teach in ? Find the last names of the teachers that teach fifth grade.
Show me the open year of all shops in numerical order .
Show me the open year of all shops in numerical order . Show the locations shared by shops .
Show me the open year of all shops in numerical order . Show the locations shared by shops . Show the shops with open year later than 2012 and open year before 2008 .
Show me the open year of all shops in numerical order . Show the locations shared by shops . Show the shops with open year later than 2012 and open year before 2008 . Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008.
Can you list the details of all the customers please ?
Can you list the details of all the customers please ? Can you list the names of all the customers who have the letter `` B '' in their name , please ? | The details of the customers with a letter `` B '' in their customer details are listed . | Can you list the details and IDs of all the staff in a table , please ?
Can you list the details of all the customers please ? Can you list the names of all the customers who have the letter `` B '' in their name , please ? | The details of the customers with a letter `` B '' in their customer details are listed . | Can you list the details and IDs of all the staff in a table , please ? Find the names of all the customers and staff members.
What are the names of the airlines ?
What are the names of the airlines ? How many routes are there in the United States ?
What are the names of the airlines ? How many routes are there in the United States ? Can you give me a number of routes per country and airline name ?
What are the names of the airlines ? How many routes are there in the United States ? Can you give me a number of routes per country and airline name ? For each country and airline name, how many routes are there?
can you show me a list of location name ?
can you show me a list of location name ? can you show me a list of date in location to ? | Do you mean list of `` date in location to '' from the document locations table ? | yes
can you show me a list of location name ? can you show me a list of date in location to ? | Do you mean list of `` date in location to '' from the document locations table ? | yes show the location name and code with the least documents .
can you show me a list of location name ? can you show me a list of date in location to ? | Do you mean list of `` date in location to '' from the document locations table ? | yes show the location name and code with the least documents . Show the location name and code with the least documents.
what is the high enrollment of school | Are you asking the highest enrollment number for all schools ? | exactly
what is the high enrollment of school | Are you asking the highest enrollment number for all schools ? | exactly what is the school color of barker college
what is the high enrollment of school | Are you asking the highest enrollment number for all schools ? | exactly what is the school color of barker college what is the enrollment of cranbrook school
what is the high enrollment of school | Are you asking the highest enrollment number for all schools ? | exactly what is the school color of barker college what is the enrollment of cranbrook school which school is hightest founded | Do you mean the school that is founded earliest ? | exactly
what is the high enrollment of school | Are you asking the highest enrollment number for all schools ? | exactly what is the school color of barker college what is the enrollment of cranbrook school which school is hightest founded | Do you mean the school that is founded earliest ? | exactly Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
How many games were played at Columbia Park ?
How many games were played at Columbia Park ? How many games were played in 1907 ?
How many games were played at Columbia Park ? How many games were played in 1907 ? Out of those games , how many of them were played in Columbia Park ? | Did you mean how many games were played in park `` Columbia Park '' in 1907 | Yes please .
How many games were played at Columbia Park ? How many games were played in 1907 ? Out of those games , how many of them were played in Columbia Park ? | Did you mean how many games were played in park `` Columbia Park '' in 1907 | Yes please . How many games were played in park "Columbia Park" in 1907?
What is their distinct id and type ?
What is their distinct id and type ? * I have left the chat *
What is their distinct id and type ? * I have left the chat * What are the distinct id and type of the thing that has the status 'Close' or has a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21'
Can you please list the names of all tracks in the playlists of Movies ?
Can you please list the names of all tracks in the playlists of Movies ? What is the ID of Movies ?
Can you please list the names of all tracks in the playlists of Movies ? What is the ID of Movies ? List the name of all tracks in the playlists of Movies.
What is the id of the appointment with the most recent start date ?
What is the id of the appointment with the most recent start date ? What was the end time of that appointment ?
What is the id of the appointment with the most recent start date ? What was the end time of that appointment ? Who was the prep nurse of that appointment ?
What is the id of the appointment with the most recent start date ? What was the end time of that appointment ? Who was the prep nurse of that appointment ? Find the id of the appointment with the most recent start date?
Show the names of the buildings
Show the names of the buildings Now show the names of building whose status is on-hold
Show the names of the buildings Now show the names of building whose status is on-hold names of buildings whose status is on-hold in ascending order | In what ascending order ? | In ascending order of stories
Show the names of the buildings Now show the names of building whose status is on-hold names of buildings whose status is on-hold in ascending order | In what ascending order ? | In ascending order of stories Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
What is the product ID for the booked amount 102.76 ?
What is the product ID for the booked amount 102.76 ? What is the product description that matches that product ID ?
What is the product ID for the booked amount 102.76 ? What is the product description that matches that product ID ? What is the product description of the product booked with an amount of 102.76?
Filter the track table to show only those records with unit price bigger than 1
Filter the track table to show only those records with unit price bigger than 1 Count the number of records in the previous table .
Filter the track table to show only those records with unit price bigger than 1 Count the number of records in the previous table . Calculate average price for all tracks
Filter the track table to show only those records with unit price bigger than 1 Count the number of records in the previous table . Calculate average price for all tracks Show the album names and ids for albums that contain tracks with unit price bigger than 1.
How many students number in this table ?
How many students number in this table ? How many class rooms in this table ?
How many students number in this table ? How many class rooms in this table ? Find the average gpa of the students ?
How many students number in this table ? How many class rooms in this table ? Find the average gpa of the students ? What is last name of William ?
How many students number in this table ? How many class rooms in this table ? Find the average gpa of the students ? What is last name of William ? What is the average gpa of the students enrolled in the course with code ACCT-211?
FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS THE LOWEST CREDIT SCORE
FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS THE LOWEST CREDIT SCORE FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS THE HIGHEST CREDIT SCORE
FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS THE LOWEST CREDIT SCORE FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS THE HIGHEST CREDIT SCORE FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS HIGH ACCOUNT BALANCE | Did you mean the highest account balance ? | YES
FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS THE LOWEST CREDIT SCORE FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS THE HIGHEST CREDIT SCORE FIND THE NAME OF CUSTOMER WHO HAS HIGH ACCOUNT BALANCE | Did you mean the highest account balance ? | YES Find the name of customer who has the lowest credit score.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the staff members first and last names ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the staff members first and last names ? Can you filter this list to show just the staff members who reported problems with the product named `` rem '' ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the staff members first and last names ? Can you filter this list to show just the staff members who reported problems with the product named `` rem '' ? Interesting ... Okay , I can only see the first three entries on that table , so I assumed `` rem '' and `` auf '' were lower down and I simply could n't see them . Can you show me a list of all of the different product names on the `` Product '' table ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the staff members first and last names ? Can you filter this list to show just the staff members who reported problems with the product named `` rem '' ? Interesting ... Okay , I can only see the first three entries on that table , so I assumed `` rem '' and `` auf '' were lower down and I simply could n't see them . Can you show me a list of all of the different product names on the `` Product '' table ? Can you show me which three products received the three highest total number of reported problems ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all of the staff members first and last names ? Can you filter this list to show just the staff members who reported problems with the product named `` rem '' ? Interesting ... Okay , I can only see the first three entries on that table , so I assumed `` rem '' and `` auf '' were lower down and I simply could n't see them . Can you show me a list of all of the different product names on the `` Product '' table ? Can you show me which three products received the three highest total number of reported problems ? Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product "rem" but not "aut"?
How many movie theatres have a capacity of at least 300 people ?
How many movie theatres have a capacity of at least 300 people ? What are their names ?
How many movie theatres have a capacity of at least 300 people ? What are their names ? What are their specific locations ?
How many movie theatres have a capacity of at least 300 people ? What are their names ? What are their specific locations ? Which theatre has the largest capacity ?
How many movie theatres have a capacity of at least 300 people ? What are their names ? What are their specific locations ? Which theatre has the largest capacity ? Which year was Codling open ?
How many movie theatres have a capacity of at least 300 people ? What are their names ? What are their specific locations ? Which theatre has the largest capacity ? Which year was Codling open ? Find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300.
What was the product id for the customer that ordered the most product quantity ?
What was the product id for the customer that ordered the most product quantity ? What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity ?
What was the product id for the customer that ordered the most product quantity ? What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity ? What is the address for the customer Cleo ?
What was the product id for the customer that ordered the most product quantity ? What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity ? What is the address for the customer Cleo ? What is the email for Customer name of Cleo with phone number 1-202-928-5395 ?
What was the product id for the customer that ordered the most product quantity ? What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity ? What is the address for the customer Cleo ? What is the email for Customer name of Cleo with phone number 1-202-928-5395 ? What is the customer number for customer name Cleo ?
What was the product id for the customer that ordered the most product quantity ? What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity ? What is the address for the customer Cleo ? What is the email for Customer name of Cleo with phone number 1-202-928-5395 ? What is the customer number for customer name Cleo ? What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity?
What is the distance of the name Boeing 747-400 ? | did you mean the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 747-400 ? | yes
What is the distance of the name Boeing 747-400 ? | did you mean the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 747-400 ? | yes What is the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 737-800 ?
What is the distance of the name Boeing 747-400 ? | did you mean the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 747-400 ? | yes What is the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 737-800 ? What is the name of the aircraft with distance 7120 ?
What is the distance of the name Boeing 747-400 ? | did you mean the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 747-400 ? | yes What is the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 737-800 ? What is the name of the aircraft with distance 7120 ? What is the id of the aircraft with the maximum distance ?
What is the distance of the name Boeing 747-400 ? | did you mean the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 747-400 ? | yes What is the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 737-800 ? What is the name of the aircraft with distance 7120 ? What is the id of the aircraft with the maximum distance ? Which is the aircraft that have the maximum distance ? | Did you mean the name of the aircraft ? | yes
What is the distance of the name Boeing 747-400 ? | did you mean the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 747-400 ? | yes What is the distance of the aircraft with the name Boeing 737-800 ? What is the name of the aircraft with distance 7120 ? What is the id of the aircraft with the maximum distance ? Which is the aircraft that have the maximum distance ? | Did you mean the name of the aircraft ? | yes Show the id and name of the aircraft with the maximum distance.
what is the country name ? | what did you want to konw the country name ? give more info about this question | what are the country names which has both roller coasters with speed higher than 60 and roller coasters with speed lower than 55 ?
what is the country name ? | what did you want to konw the country name ? give more info about this question | what are the country names which has both roller coasters with speed higher than 60 and roller coasters with speed lower than 55 ? what are the country id ? | Did you mean country id which has both roller coasters with speed higher than 60 and roller coasters with speed lower than 55 ? | Yes !
what is the country name ? | what did you want to konw the country name ? give more info about this question | what are the country names which has both roller coasters with speed higher than 60 and roller coasters with speed lower than 55 ? what are the country id ? | Did you mean country id which has both roller coasters with speed higher than 60 and roller coasters with speed lower than 55 ? | Yes ! What are the country names, area and population which has both roller coasters with speed higher
How much time was spent at Subway ?
How much time was spent at Subway ? How much time was spent at Honeygrow ?
How much time was spent at Subway ? How much time was spent at Honeygrow ? Show me how much time was spent at each restaurant .
How much time was spent at Subway ? How much time was spent at Honeygrow ? Show me how much time was spent at each restaurant . Which restaurant had the least amount of time spent ?
How much time was spent at Subway ? How much time was spent at Honeygrow ? Show me how much time was spent at each restaurant . Which restaurant had the least amount of time spent ? At which restaurant did the students spend the least amount of time? List restaurant and the time students spent on in total.
Find the patient order by the date they underwent treatment . Recent first .
Find the patient order by the date they underwent treatment . Recent first . Only show the first result .
Find the patient order by the date they underwent treatment . Recent first . Only show the first result . Find the patient who has the most recent undergoing treatment?
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Chicago
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Chicago What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Washington D.C .
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Chicago What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Washington D.C . What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
What is his tweeter account ? | can you give more details ? who is `` he '' | The user who tweeted more than once
What is his tweeter account ? | can you give more details ? who is `` he '' | The user who tweeted more than once What are his tweets ? | do you mean the text of tweets | Yes
What is his tweeter account ? | can you give more details ? who is `` he '' | The user who tweeted more than once What are his tweets ? | do you mean the text of tweets | Yes How many tweets did Iron man tweet ?
What is his tweeter account ? | can you give more details ? who is `` he '' | The user who tweeted more than once What are his tweets ? | do you mean the text of tweets | Yes How many tweets did Iron man tweet ? What about Celine ?
What is his tweeter account ? | can you give more details ? who is `` he '' | The user who tweeted more than once What are his tweets ? | do you mean the text of tweets | Yes How many tweets did Iron man tweet ? What about Celine ? Find the name of the user who tweeted more than once, and number of tweets tweeted by them.
Which address has members younger than 30 ?
Which address has members younger than 30 ? Which address has members older than 40 ?
Which address has members younger than 30 ? Which address has members older than 40 ? Which address has members younger than 30 and older than 40 ?
Which address has members younger than 30 ? Which address has members older than 40 ? Which address has members younger than 30 and older than 40 ? Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
list the locations available ?
list the locations available ? what locations of the party have the most hosts ?
list the locations available ? what locations of the party have the most hosts ? list the party themes available
list the locations available ? what locations of the party have the most hosts ? list the party themes available What is the location of the party with the most hosts?
Show me all the users .
Show me all the users . Which of these users have more than one tweet ?
Show me all the users . Which of these users have more than one tweet ? Show me the number of tweets for each of these users .
Show me all the users . Which of these users have more than one tweet ? Show me the number of tweets for each of these users . Find the names of users who have more than one tweet.
How many teachers are there ?
How many teachers are there ? How many teachers did n't teach at all ?
How many teachers are there ? How many teachers did n't teach at all ? WHAT ARE THEIR NAMES ?
How many teachers are there ? How many teachers did n't teach at all ? WHAT ARE THEIR NAMES ? Find the name of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
What is the largest payment amount ?
What is the largest payment amount ? OK , what is the average of all payment amounts ?
What is the largest payment amount ? OK , what is the average of all payment amounts ? What is the largest payment amount?
Can you please tell me how many users there are ?
Can you please tell me how many users there are ? Which user has the most followers ?
Can you please tell me how many users there are ? Which user has the most followers ? And how many followers does Tyler have ? | Tyler Swift has 99999998 followers | That 's 99999998 followers out of how many total followers for all users ?
Can you please tell me how many users there are ? Which user has the most followers ? And how many followers does Tyler have ? | Tyler Swift has 99999998 followers | That 's 99999998 followers out of how many total followers for all users ? Can you please also provide the number of followers for the remaining users ?
Can you please tell me how many users there are ? Which user has the most followers ? And how many followers does Tyler have ? | Tyler Swift has 99999998 followers | That 's 99999998 followers out of how many total followers for all users ? Can you please also provide the number of followers for the remaining users ? Find the maximum and total number of followers of all users.
what instructors teach courses ? | Do you mean the first names of instructors who teach courses ? | Yes , the first names of all instructors who teach courses ,
what instructors teach courses ? | Do you mean the first names of instructors who teach courses ? | Yes , the first names of all instructors who teach courses , Great . I need to know which first name of the instructor goes with each class and class description .
what instructors teach courses ? | Do you mean the first names of instructors who teach courses ? | Yes , the first names of all instructors who teach courses , Great . I need to know which first name of the instructor goes with each class and class description . great , I also need to know the first name of each instructor with the course name , and where their office is located .
what instructors teach courses ? | Do you mean the first names of instructors who teach courses ? | Yes , the first names of all instructors who teach courses , Great . I need to know which first name of the instructor goes with each class and class description . great , I also need to know the first name of each instructor with the course name , and where their office is located . Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and also find the course description.
Can you show me the total number of airports ?
Can you show me the total number of airports ? How about the total number of cities ?
Can you show me the total number of airports ? How about the total number of cities ? Can you sort them by the number of airports ?
Can you show me the total number of airports ? How about the total number of cities ? Can you sort them by the number of airports ? List the cities which have more than 2 airports sorted by the number of airports.
How many employees are IT Staff ?
How many employees are IT Staff ? How many are in Calgary ?
How many employees are IT Staff ? How many are in Calgary ? how about in Edmonton ?
How many employees are IT Staff ? How many are in Calgary ? how about in Edmonton ? What city are the 2 employees in ? | You mean the 2 employees with title `` IT Staff '' ? | yes , the two employees with the title of IT Staff .
How many employees are IT Staff ? How many are in Calgary ? how about in Edmonton ? What city are the 2 employees in ? | You mean the 2 employees with title `` IT Staff '' ? | yes , the two employees with the title of IT Staff . Find the number of employees whose title is IT Staff from each city?
Please tell me the number of undergraduates from each campus in the year 2004
Please tell me the number of undergraduates from each campus in the year 2004 please show the undergrads total from each campus
Please tell me the number of undergraduates from each campus in the year 2004 please show the undergrads total from each campus now please show just the total of graduates from San Francisco State University in 2004
Please tell me the number of undergraduates from each campus in the year 2004 please show the undergrads total from each campus now please show just the total of graduates from San Francisco State University in 2004 What is the number of graduates in "San Francisco State University" in year 2004?
How many schools are there ?
How many schools are there ? How many professors are there in total ?
How many schools are there ? How many professors are there in total ? Which school has the most professors ?
How many schools are there ? How many professors are there in total ? Which school has the most professors ? How about the school with the least amount of professors ?
How many schools are there ? How many professors are there in total ? Which school has the most professors ? How about the school with the least amount of professors ? What departments does this school have ?
How many schools are there ? How many professors are there in total ? Which school has the most professors ? How about the school with the least amount of professors ? What departments does this school have ? Which school has the smallest amount of professors?
what is the name of the company with more than 200 sales ?
what is the name of the company with more than 200 sales ? where is the headquarters for BP
what is the name of the company with more than 200 sales ? where is the headquarters for BP in what industry is BP
what is the name of the company with more than 200 sales ? where is the headquarters for BP in what industry is BP list the names of the companies with more than 200 sales in the descending order of sales and profits.
what is the total number of showtimes at each cinema ?
what is the total number of showtimes at each cinema ? what cinema has the most showings in one day ?
what is the total number of showtimes at each cinema ? what cinema has the most showings in one day ? What cinema has the highest capacity ?
what is the total number of showtimes at each cinema ? what cinema has the most showings in one day ? What cinema has the highest capacity ? what cinema is in Cork county ?
what is the total number of showtimes at each cinema ? what cinema has the most showings in one day ? What cinema has the highest capacity ? what cinema is in Cork county ? What is total number of show times per dat for each cinema?
Show the faculty id of each faculty member , along with the number of students he or she advises .
Show the faculty id of each faculty member , along with the number of students he or she advises . How may faculties in this survey ?
Show the faculty id of each faculty member , along with the number of students he or she advises . How may faculties in this survey ? How many males in this table ? | Do you mean the table `` Faculty '' ? | Yes .
Show the faculty id of each faculty member , along with the number of students he or she advises . How may faculties in this survey ? How many males in this table ? | Do you mean the table `` Faculty '' ? | Yes . Show the faculty id of each faculty member, along with the number of students he or she advises.
list the amount for the largest donation
list the amount for the largest donation list the name for the largest amount of donation
list the amount for the largest donation list the name for the largest amount of donation what is the name for the smallest amount of donation
list the amount for the largest donation list the name for the largest amount of donation what is the name for the smallest amount of donation List the amount and donor name for the largest amount of donation.
List all project code name and hours worked by Scientists ssn | Do you mean list their ssn 's ? | yes , list the project codes , names , and hours worked by scientists by ssn
List all project code name and hours worked by Scientists ssn | Do you mean list their ssn 's ? | yes , list the project codes , names , and hours worked by scientists by ssn list scientists names by ssn
List all project code name and hours worked by Scientists ssn | Do you mean list their ssn 's ? | yes , list the project codes , names , and hours worked by scientists by ssn list scientists names by ssn list Project codes , names , and hours worked by scientist by ssn and name
List all project code name and hours worked by Scientists ssn | Do you mean list their ssn 's ? | yes , list the project codes , names , and hours worked by scientists by ssn list scientists names by ssn list Project codes , names , and hours worked by scientist by ssn and name list results by scientists name
List all project code name and hours worked by Scientists ssn | Do you mean list their ssn 's ? | yes , list the project codes , names , and hours worked by scientists by ssn list scientists names by ssn list Project codes , names , and hours worked by scientist by ssn and name list results by scientists name list results by project by scientists names | Do you mean list the project names by scientists names ? | yes
List all project code name and hours worked by Scientists ssn | Do you mean list their ssn 's ? | yes , list the project codes , names , and hours worked by scientists by ssn list scientists names by ssn list Project codes , names , and hours worked by scientist by ssn and name list results by scientists name list results by project by scientists names | Do you mean list the project names by scientists names ? | yes list project names in ascending order
List all project code name and hours worked by Scientists ssn | Do you mean list their ssn 's ? | yes , list the project codes , names , and hours worked by scientists by ssn list scientists names by ssn list Project codes , names , and hours worked by scientist by ssn and name list results by scientists name list results by project by scientists names | Do you mean list the project names by scientists names ? | yes list project names in ascending order List all the scientists' names, their projects' names, and the hours worked by that scientist on each project, in alphabetical order of project name, and then scientist name.
Please show the names of all members who go to Saskatchewan School
Please show the names of all members who go to Saskatchewan School Now please show the names of all members , and the locations of the colleges they go to
Please show the names of all members who go to Saskatchewan School Now please show the names of all members , and the locations of the colleges they go to now can you show the those same results , but ordered in ascending order of member names
Please show the names of all members who go to Saskatchewan School Now please show the names of all members , and the locations of the colleges they go to now can you show the those same results , but ordered in ascending order of member names Show the names of members and the locations of colleges they go to in ascending alphabetical order of member names.
Can you please list all of the locations with only one station ?
Can you please list all of the locations with only one station ? What is the name of the station in Glasgow ?
Can you please list all of the locations with only one station ? What is the name of the station in Glasgow ? How many platforms does Glasgow Central have ?
Can you please list all of the locations with only one station ? What is the name of the station in Glasgow ? How many platforms does Glasgow Central have ? Show all locations with only 1 station.
what is the highest profits of companies
what is the highest profits of companies what is the market value of JPMorgan Chase
what is the highest profits of companies what is the market value of JPMorgan Chase what is name of headquarters on General Electric
what is the highest profits of companies what is the market value of JPMorgan Chase what is name of headquarters on General Electric which company is highest assets value
what is the highest profits of companies what is the market value of JPMorgan Chase what is name of headquarters on General Electric which company is highest assets value What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
Can you show me all the addresses with cities ? | Did you mean the address content ? | Yes , and also the cities .
Can you show me all the addresses with cities ? | Did you mean the address content ? | Yes , and also the cities . Hmm , I want to know the cities with customers living in .
Can you show me all the addresses with cities ? | Did you mean the address content ? | Yes , and also the cities . Hmm , I want to know the cities with customers living in . Hmm , please list the cities that no customer is living in .
Can you show me all the addresses with cities ? | Did you mean the address content ? | Yes , and also the cities . Hmm , I want to know the cities with customers living in . Hmm , please list the cities that no customer is living in . Find the list of cities that no customer is living in.
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts ?
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts ? How many account ids are on the table ?
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts ? How many account ids are on the table ? What is the statement detail of statement id 57 ?
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts ? How many account ids are on the table ? What is the statement detail of statement id 57 ? What is the account details of account id 61 ?
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts ? How many account ids are on the table ? What is the statement detail of statement id 57 ? What is the account details of account id 61 ? Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts.
Can you please list all the ranks and the number of male faculty members for those ranks ?
Can you please list all the ranks and the number of male faculty members for those ranks ? Can you add the number of female faculty members for each of the ranks to the table please ?
Can you please list all the ranks and the number of male faculty members for those ranks ? Can you add the number of female faculty members for each of the ranks to the table please ? Show all the ranks and the number of male and female faculty for each rank.
What are all the names of the customers ? | Did you mean customer details in the table ? | Yes
What are all the names of the customers ? | Did you mean customer details in the table ? | Yes Show the ID of the customers without policies
What are all the names of the customers ? | Did you mean customer details in the table ? | Yes Show the ID of the customers without policies What are the customer details with those customers
What are all the names of the customers ? | Did you mean customer details in the table ? | Yes Show the ID of the customers without policies What are the customer details with those customers Find the names of customers who have no policies associated.
What are the addresses of the employees ? | Do you mean all of the employees ? | Yes
What are the addresses of the employees ? | Do you mean all of the employees ? | Yes Which cities are they from ?
What are the addresses of the employees ? | Do you mean all of the employees ? | Yes Which cities are they from ? What are their emails ?
What are the addresses of the employees ? | Do you mean all of the employees ? | Yes Which cities are they from ? What are their emails ? What is the address of employee Nancy Edwards?
What is the name of the grape whose wine products had the highest average price ?
What is the name of the grape whose wine products had the highest average price ? What is the color of that grape ?
What is the name of the grape whose wine products had the highest average price ? What is the color of that grape ? What is the color of the grape whose wine products had the lowest average price ?
What is the name of the grape whose wine products had the highest average price ? What is the color of that grape ? What is the color of the grape whose wine products had the lowest average price ? What is the color of the grape whose wine products has the highest average price?
How many professors are there ?
How many professors are there ? How many have a Ph.D. degree ?
How many professors are there ? How many have a Ph.D. degree ? Yes
How many professors are there ? How many have a Ph.D. degree ? Yes What is the name of department where has the largest number of professors with a Ph.D. degree?
What is the ID of the oldest customer ?
What is the ID of the oldest customer ? what about the newest customer ?
What is the ID of the oldest customer ? what about the newest customer ? What is the order status of the order for customer with ID 11
What is the ID of the oldest customer ? what about the newest customer ? What is the order status of the order for customer with ID 11 What date did customer with ID 11 place an order ?
What is the ID of the oldest customer ? what about the newest customer ? What is the order status of the order for customer with ID 11 What date did customer with ID 11 place an order ? what are the order id and customer id of the oldest order?
What is the average for all movies ? | average what ? | Sorry , the average budget for all movies ?
What is the average for all movies ? | average what ? | Sorry , the average budget for all movies ? Okay . What is the average budget for all movies before 2000 ?
What is the average for all movies ? | average what ? | Sorry , the average budget for all movies ? Okay . What is the average budget for all movies before 2000 ? Finally , what is the average budget , the maximum budget , and the minimum budget for all movies before 2000 ?
What is the average for all movies ? | average what ? | Sorry , the average budget for all movies ? Okay . What is the average budget for all movies before 2000 ? Finally , what is the average budget , the maximum budget , and the minimum budget for all movies before 2000 ? What is the average, maximum, and minimum budget for all movies before 2000.
Which coach started in 2010 ?
Which coach started in 2010 ? What are the names of the coaches that started in 2010 ?
Which coach started in 2010 ? What are the names of the coaches that started in 2010 ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Jameson Tomas ?
Which coach started in 2010 ? What are the names of the coaches that started in 2010 ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Jameson Tomas ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Smith Brown ?
Which coach started in 2010 ? What are the names of the coaches that started in 2010 ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Jameson Tomas ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Smith Brown ? What is the name of the coach who started in 2011 ?
Which coach started in 2010 ? What are the names of the coaches that started in 2010 ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Jameson Tomas ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Smith Brown ? What is the name of the coach who started in 2011 ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Robert Chen ?
Which coach started in 2010 ? What are the names of the coaches that started in 2010 ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Jameson Tomas ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Smith Brown ? What is the name of the coach who started in 2011 ? What are the names of the players who were coached by Robert Chen ? Show the names of players and names of their coaches.
What days were the claims made ?
What days were the claims made ? When was the earliest claim made ?
What days were the claims made ? When was the earliest claim made ? What was the claim ID for the earliest claim ?
What days were the claims made ? When was the earliest claim made ? What was the claim ID for the earliest claim ? Of all the claims, what was the earliest date when any claim was made?
what is the average of the milliseconds ?
what is the average of the milliseconds ? what is the average of the bytes ?
what is the average of the milliseconds ? what is the average of the bytes ? what is the highest unit price ?
what is the average of the milliseconds ? what is the average of the bytes ? what is the highest unit price ? Find the names of all the tracks that contain the word "you".
What is the first name of the oldest employee ?
What is the first name of the oldest employee ? What is his last name ?
What is the first name of the oldest employee ? What is his last name ? What was his employee hire date ?
What is the first name of the oldest employee ? What is his last name ? What was his employee hire date ? What was his date of birth ?
What is the first name of the oldest employee ? What is his last name ? What was his employee hire date ? What was his date of birth ? What is the first and last name of the oldest employee?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the product names and their associated product IDs ?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the product names and their associated product IDs ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter this list to show only the item with the product id of 11 , and show me the associated product category code ?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the product names and their associated product IDs ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter this list to show only the item with the product id of 11 , and show me the associated product category code ? Thank you very much ! Can you update this to display the product category code , product category description , and unit of measure ?
Hello ! Can you please show me a list of all of the product names and their associated product IDs ? Thank you very much ! Can you filter this list to show only the item with the product id of 11 , and show me the associated product category code ? Thank you very much ! Can you update this to display the product category code , product category description , and unit of measure ? Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named "chervil".
What is the average height of all players ?
What is the average height of all players ? What is the average height of all players from the college `` Yale University '' ?
What is the average height of all players ? What is the average height of all players from the college `` Yale University '' ? What is the average weight of all players ?
What is the average height of all players ? What is the average height of all players from the college `` Yale University '' ? What is the average weight of all players ? What is the player id of the heaviest player ?
What is the average height of all players ? What is the average height of all players from the college `` Yale University '' ? What is the average weight of all players ? What is the player id of the heaviest player ? What is the average height of the players from the college named 'Yale University'?
HOW MANY DIRECTORE IN MOVIE TABLE ? List them .
HOW MANY DIRECTORE IN MOVIE TABLE ? List them . WHAT IS THE BUDGET OF THE BOONDOCK SAINTS ?
HOW MANY DIRECTORE IN MOVIE TABLE ? List them . WHAT IS THE BUDGET OF THE BOONDOCK SAINTS ? WHAT IS THE BIGGEST BUDGET OF MOVIE TABLE ?
HOW MANY DIRECTORE IN MOVIE TABLE ? List them . WHAT IS THE BUDGET OF THE BOONDOCK SAINTS ? WHAT IS THE BIGGEST BUDGET OF MOVIE TABLE ? What is the average, maximum, and minimum budget for all movies before 2000.
What county does Roberto Almeida live in ?
What county does Roberto Almeida live in ? What state does he live in ?
What county does Roberto Almeida live in ? What state does he live in ? What is his address , please ?
What county does Roberto Almeida live in ? What state does he live in ? What is his address , please ? What company does he work for ?
What county does Roberto Almeida live in ? What state does he live in ? What is his address , please ? What company does he work for ? What are the names of the other people who work for that company ?
What county does Roberto Almeida live in ? What state does he live in ? What is his address , please ? What company does he work for ? What are the names of the other people who work for that company ? What country does Roberto Almeida live?
Thanks ! I 'm a bit short on time , so can you provide me with Owens loan amount ?
Thanks ! I 'm a bit short on time , so can you provide me with Owens loan amount ? Find the the name of the customers who have a loan with amount more than 3000.
Can you show me which school is founded most recently ?
Can you show me which school is founded most recently ? What is the team name and acc regular season score of the school that was founded for the longest time?
After season 2010 how many different kinds of injuries were there ?
After season 2010 how many different kinds of injuries were there ? What player received the injury ? | You mean all the players having injuries ? | What player received the Hamstring muscle strain in his left thigh ?
After season 2010 how many different kinds of injuries were there ? What player received the injury ? | You mean all the players having injuries ? | What player received the Hamstring muscle strain in his left thigh ? How many distinct kinds of injuries happened after season 2010?
Where do the trips end ?
Where do the trips end ? How many trips are there ?
Where do the trips end ? How many trips are there ? How many of these end in San Francisco ?
Where do the trips end ? How many trips are there ? How many of these end in San Francisco ? How many end somewhere else ?
Where do the trips end ? How many trips are there ? How many of these end in San Francisco ? How many end somewhere else ? Count the number of trips that did not end in San Francisco city.
where is the Headquarter of Sony ?
where is the Headquarter of Sony ? how much is Creative Labs revenue ?
where is the Headquarter of Sony ? how much is Creative Labs revenue ? what is the name of the manufacturer whose headquarter is in Los Angeles ?
where is the Headquarter of Sony ? how much is Creative Labs revenue ? what is the name of the manufacturer whose headquarter is in Los Angeles ? which manufacturer has the least revenue ? | Did you mean to get the name of manufacturer has the least revenue | name the manufacturer with the least revenue
where is the Headquarter of Sony ? how much is Creative Labs revenue ? what is the name of the manufacturer whose headquarter is in Los Angeles ? which manufacturer has the least revenue ? | Did you mean to get the name of manufacturer has the least revenue | name the manufacturer with the least revenue Find the name of companies whose revenue is greater than the average revenue of all companies.
What are the names of all storms ?
What are the names of all storms ? How many regions were affected by the first storm ?
What are the names of all storms ? How many regions were affected by the first storm ? What is the number of affected regions for each storm ?
What are the names of all storms ? How many regions were affected by the first storm ? What is the number of affected regions for each storm ? List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm.
Can you show all rooms with a capacity larger than 50 ?
Can you show all rooms with a capacity larger than 50 ? Can you display only the number of rooms currently in the table ?
Can you show all rooms with a capacity larger than 50 ? Can you display only the number of rooms currently in the table ? How many unique room numbers are currently in the table ?
Can you show all rooms with a capacity larger than 50 ? Can you display only the number of rooms currently in the table ? How many unique room numbers are currently in the table ? Find the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for each building.
Which cities are host cities ?
Which cities are host cities ? Okay , which cities have not hosted ?
Which cities are host cities ? Okay , which cities have not hosted ? Great ! Out of those cities , which ones have temperatures lower in March compared to their December temperature ?
Which cities are host cities ? Okay , which cities have not hosted ? Great ! Out of those cities , which ones have temperatures lower in March compared to their December temperature ? Fantastic ! Between Hangzhou and Nantong , which city has the cooler weather ? | Did you mean what time to compare the weather ? | Oh , sorry ! Yes , which city has the lowest temperature in March ?
Which cities are host cities ? Okay , which cities have not hosted ? Great ! Out of those cities , which ones have temperatures lower in March compared to their December temperature ? Fantastic ! Between Hangzhou and Nantong , which city has the cooler weather ? | Did you mean what time to compare the weather ? | Oh , sorry ! Yes , which city has the lowest temperature in March ? Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec and which have never been host cities.
In which city do Dan friends reside
In which city do Dan friends reside Give me the full details of Zach
In which city do Dan friends reside Give me the full details of Zach How many friends does Dan have?
What is the first name and last name of the youngest student whose GPA is above 3 ?
What is the first name and last name of the youngest student whose GPA is above 3 ? What is her GPA ?
What is the first name and last name of the youngest student whose GPA is above 3 ? What is her GPA ? What are the full name and GPA of the oldest student whose GPA is below 3 ?
What is the first name and last name of the youngest student whose GPA is above 3 ? What is her GPA ? What are the full name and GPA of the oldest student whose GPA is below 3 ? What is the first, last name, gpa of the youngest one among students whose GPA is above 3?
list out the movies on the table
list out the movies on the table what is the director name of Star Wars
list out the movies on the table what is the director name of Star Wars actually i mean which movie rating is high | Would you like the movie with the greatest number of rating stars ? | exactly
list out the movies on the table what is the director name of Star Wars actually i mean which movie rating is high | Would you like the movie with the greatest number of rating stars ? | exactly what is the year of Gone with the Wind
list out the movies on the table what is the director name of Star Wars actually i mean which movie rating is high | Would you like the movie with the greatest number of rating stars ? | exactly what is the year of Gone with the Wind Find the title and star rating of the movie that got the least rating star for each reviewer.
how many purchases did each member make ?
how many purchases did each member make ? how many purchases did members with level 5 make ?
how many purchases did each member make ? how many purchases did members with level 5 make ? now how many purchases did members with level 6 make ?
how many purchases did each member make ? how many purchases did members with level 5 make ? now how many purchases did members with level 6 make ? What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6?
What are the facility codes of all the apartments that have more than 4 bedrooms ?
What are the facility codes of all the apartments that have more than 4 bedrooms ? What are the apartment numbers of those ?
What are the facility codes of all the apartments that have more than 4 bedrooms ? What are the apartment numbers of those ? How many bathrooms do each of those have ?
What are the facility codes of all the apartments that have more than 4 bedrooms ? What are the apartment numbers of those ? How many bathrooms do each of those have ? Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
Hello . How many people have a weight that is higher than 85 ?
Hello . How many people have a weight that is higher than 85 ? Out of those 6 people , how many of them are female ?
Hello . How many people have a weight that is higher than 85 ? Out of those 6 people , how many of them are female ? How many of them are male ?
Hello . How many people have a weight that is higher than 85 ? Out of those 6 people , how many of them are female ? How many of them are male ? how many people are there whose weight is higher than 85 for each gender?
Please tell me the product names and ids . | Did you mean all the product details and ids ? | Yes please .
Please tell me the product names and ids . | Did you mean all the product details and ids ? | Yes please . Hmm , I want to know the product names and the order quantities . | Did you mean the product details as product names ? | Yes .
Please tell me the product names and ids . | Did you mean all the product details and ids ? | Yes please . Hmm , I want to know the product names and the order quantities . | Did you mean the product details as product names ? | Yes . Can you tell which product has been ordered the most number of times ?
Please tell me the product names and ids . | Did you mean all the product details and ids ? | Yes please . Hmm , I want to know the product names and the order quantities . | Did you mean the product details as product names ? | Yes . Can you tell which product has been ordered the most number of times ? Which product has been ordered most number of times?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops ?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops ? Which shop has the highest score ?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops ? Which shop has the highest score ? How many shops have more staff than shop 10 ?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops ? Which shop has the highest score ? How many shops have more staff than shop 10 ? And are there any other shops on the same street ? | What street are you referring to ? | The street shop 10 is on .
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops ? Which shop has the highest score ? How many shops have more staff than shop 10 ? And are there any other shops on the same street ? | What street are you referring to ? | The street shop 10 is on . What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
How many people are in the staff ?
How many people are in the staff ? Great , what is the most common name ?
How many people are in the staff ? Great , what is the most common name ? What about gender ?
How many people are in the staff ? Great , what is the most common name ? What about gender ? Which gender makes up the majority of the staff?
how many residents does each property have ? list property id
how many residents does each property have ? list property id find the property type code and address for the property id 24
how many residents does each property have ? list property id find the property type code and address for the property id 24 find the date moved in for the resident id 6
how many residents does each property have ? list property id find the property type code and address for the property id 24 find the date moved in for the resident id 6 How many residents does each property have? List property id and resident count.
what was the destination of flight 99 ?
what was the destination of flight 99 ? How far did flight 99 fly ?
what was the destination of flight 99 ? How far did flight 99 fly ? What was the name of the airplane from flight 99 ?
what was the destination of flight 99 ? How far did flight 99 fly ? What was the name of the airplane from flight 99 ? What is the aircraft name for the flight with number 99
How many SportName on scholarship ?
How many SportName on scholarship ? What are these 7 different sports that have student on scholarship ?
How many SportName on scholarship ? What are these 7 different sports that have student on scholarship ? which sport has most number of students on scholarship ?
How many SportName on scholarship ? What are these 7 different sports that have student on scholarship ? which sport has most number of students on scholarship ? Which sport has most number of students on scholarship?
what are the different type of payement method ?
what are the different type of payement method ? what are the different address type ?
what are the different type of payement method ? what are the different address type ? which city in Dr. Julia Wuckert MD ? | What you mean ? | how many customer id ?
what are the different type of payement method ? what are the different address type ? which city in Dr. Julia Wuckert MD ? | What you mean ? | how many customer id ? What is the address content of the customer named "Maudie Kertzmann"?
which country has the airport with the highest altitude ?
which country has the airport with the highest altitude ? in what city is it located ?
which country has the airport with the highest altitude ? in what city is it located ? what is its elevation ?
which country has the airport with the highest altitude ? in what city is it located ? what is its elevation ? Which country is the airport that has the highest altitude located in?
How many females are under age 40 ?
How many females are under age 40 ? How many males do we have data for ?
How many females are under age 40 ? How many males do we have data for ? And how many of them are under age 40 ?
How many females are under age 40 ? How many males do we have data for ? And how many of them are under age 40 ? Find the number of people who is under 40 for each gender.
ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star ?
ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star ? Stars for rID 201 ?
ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star ? Stars for rID 201 ? find the ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star.
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project '
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project ' Which of those documents is the oldest ? | which kind of information the oldest documents do you want me to give you ? | Give me the document name from those documents that has the earliest document date .
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project ' Which of those documents is the oldest ? | which kind of information the oldest documents do you want me to give you ? | Give me the document name from those documents that has the earliest document date . What is its document date ?
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project ' Which of those documents is the oldest ? | which kind of information the oldest documents do you want me to give you ? | Give me the document name from those documents that has the earliest document date . What is its document date ? Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project'.
Hi can you tell me what activities are listed ? | The following table shows activity names | Can you tell me how many faculty are involved in each activity ?
Hi can you tell me what activities are listed ? | The following table shows activity names | Can you tell me how many faculty are involved in each activity ? What is the most popular activity ?
Hi can you tell me what activities are listed ? | The following table shows activity names | Can you tell me how many faculty are involved in each activity ? What is the most popular activity ? Show all the activity names and the number of faculty involved in each activity.
Tell me the start date and start station id for id 900504 ?
Tell me the start date and start station id for id 900504 ? Tell me the zip code for bike id 454 and 574 ?
Tell me the start date and start station id for id 900504 ? Tell me the zip code for bike id 454 and 574 ? What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration ?
Tell me the start date and start station id for id 900504 ? Tell me the zip code for bike id 454 and 574 ? What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration ? What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration?
What is the budget type code with the largest number of documents ?
What is the budget type code with the largest number of documents ? What is the most common document detail ?
What is the budget type code with the largest number of documents ? What is the most common document detail ? What about the most common budget type code ?
What is the budget type code with the largest number of documents ? What is the most common document detail ? What about the most common budget type code ? What is the budget type code with most number of documents.
Which id has the least rating on the table ? | Which id do you need , a id , u id , or i id ? | i id
Which id has the least rating on the table ? | Which id do you need , a id , u id , or i id ? | i id For each user , find their name and the number of reviews written by them .
Which id has the least rating on the table ? | Which id do you need , a id , u id , or i id ? | i id For each user , find their name and the number of reviews written by them . Which u id has the least rank on the list ?
Which id has the least rating on the table ? | Which id do you need , a id , u id , or i id ? | i id For each user , find their name and the number of reviews written by them . Which u id has the least rank on the list ? State the name of u id 2 on the list ?
Which id has the least rating on the table ? | Which id do you need , a id , u id , or i id ? | i id For each user , find their name and the number of reviews written by them . Which u id has the least rank on the list ? State the name of u id 2 on the list ? For each user, find their name and the number of reviews written by them.
What is the average price of all products ?
What is the average price of all products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products .
What is the average price of all products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products . What is the product name of that ?
What is the average price of all products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products . What is the product name of that ? Find the product type whose average price is lower than the average price of all products .
What is the average price of all products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products . What is the product name of that ? Find the product type whose average price is lower than the average price of all products . What are the product names ?
What is the average price of all products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products . What is the product name of that ? Find the product type whose average price is lower than the average price of all products . What are the product names ? What are the prices of them ?
What is the average price of all products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products . What is the product name of that ? Find the product type whose average price is lower than the average price of all products . What are the product names ? What are the prices of them ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products.
Can you list all the instruments used in the song Le Pop ?
Can you list all the instruments used in the song Le Pop ? Okay , how many instruments are used in the song `` Baby '' ?
Can you list all the instruments used in the song Le Pop ? Okay , how many instruments are used in the song `` Baby '' ? How many instruments does the song "Le Pop" use?
Display the employee number and job id for all employees whose salary is smaller than any salary of those employees whose job title is MK_MAN
Display the employee number and job id for all employees whose salary is smaller than any salary of those employees whose job title is MK_MAN Show me salaries for those employees
Display the employee number and job id for all employees whose salary is smaller than any salary of those employees whose job title is MK_MAN Show me salaries for those employees display the employee number and job id for all employees whose salary is smaller than any salary of those employees whose job title is MK_MAN.
plese list me about airports | Do you mean the airport ids of all the airports ? | Yes , I just needs the name of aircrafts in airports
plese list me about airports | Do you mean the airport ids of all the airports ? | Yes , I just needs the name of aircrafts in airports Show the names of aircrafts that are associated with both an airport named "London Heathrow" and an airport named "London Gatwick"
Can you list the address id of all customers who lived in Lockmanfurt ?
Can you list the address id of all customers who lived in Lockmanfurt ? Can you list all other related information for Sigrid Schmeler ?
Can you list the address id of all customers who lived in Lockmanfurt ? Can you list all other related information for Sigrid Schmeler ? List first name and last name of customers lived in city Lockmanfurt.
List the grape of the wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name .
List the grape of the wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name . Show me the winery they are from
List the grape of the wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name . Show me the winery they are from Which states are they from ?
List the grape of the wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name . Show me the winery they are from Which states are they from ? List the grape, appelation and name of wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name.
Who are the captains ? | Do you mean you want the name of captain ? | Yes , what are the captains names
Who are the captains ? | Do you mean you want the name of captain ? | Yes , what are the captains names Who is the youngest captain ?
Who are the captains ? | Do you mean you want the name of captain ? | Yes , what are the captains names Who is the youngest captain ? What ship does Captain Henry steer ? | Do you mean the name of ships of Captain Henry ? | Yes the name of the ship of Captain Henry
Who are the captains ? | Do you mean you want the name of captain ? | Yes , what are the captains names Who is the youngest captain ? What ship does Captain Henry steer ? | Do you mean the name of ships of Captain Henry ? | Yes the name of the ship of Captain Henry Which is the ship of Captain Henry Dumaresq ?
Who are the captains ? | Do you mean you want the name of captain ? | Yes , what are the captains names Who is the youngest captain ? What ship does Captain Henry steer ? | Do you mean the name of ships of Captain Henry ? | Yes the name of the ship of Captain Henry Which is the ship of Captain Henry Dumaresq ? Find the name of the ship that is steered by the youngest captain.
What is the average enrollment ?
What is the average enrollment ? Now please list all colleges that have enrollment higher than the average . | LSU , OU , and FSU have enrollment higher than the average . | Please list the states where LSU , OU , and FSU are located .
What is the average enrollment ? Now please list all colleges that have enrollment higher than the average . | LSU , OU , and FSU have enrollment higher than the average . | Please list the states where LSU , OU , and FSU are located . How many total states are in the table ?
What is the average enrollment ? Now please list all colleges that have enrollment higher than the average . | LSU , OU , and FSU have enrollment higher than the average . | Please list the states where LSU , OU , and FSU are located . How many total states are in the table ? What is the number of states that has some college whose enrollment is larger than the average enrollment?
Which contact codes were used for less than 5 minutes ?
Which contact codes were used for less than 5 minutes ? What are their contact numbers ?
Which contact codes were used for less than 5 minutes ? What are their contact numbers ? What was their activation dates ? | do you want the active_from_date or active_to_date or both of them ? | Both of them
Which contact codes were used for less than 5 minutes ? What are their contact numbers ? What was their activation dates ? | do you want the active_from_date or active_to_date or both of them ? | Both of them List all the contact channel codes that were used less than 5 times.
what is the duration of the longest song grouped by genre ?
what is the duration of the longest song grouped by genre ? How about the shortest ?
what is the duration of the longest song grouped by genre ? How about the shortest ? Can you order them by genre ?
what is the duration of the longest song grouped by genre ? How about the shortest ? Can you order them by genre ? Can you also show me the lowest rating of songs for each genre ? | do you want to order them by genre as well ? | Yes please
what is the duration of the longest song grouped by genre ? How about the shortest ? Can you order them by genre ? Can you also show me the lowest rating of songs for each genre ? | do you want to order them by genre as well ? | Yes please What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre?
Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status `` Cancelled ''
Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status `` Cancelled '' Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status `` Paid ''
Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status `` Cancelled '' Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status `` Paid '' Show the shipping method code for customer orders with order status `` Paid ''
Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status `` Cancelled '' Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status `` Paid '' Show the shipping method code for customer orders with order status `` Paid '' Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status Cancelled or Paid.
How many clubs does the student Eric Tai belong to ?
How many clubs does the student Eric Tai belong to ? How many other students belong in 0 clubs ?
How many clubs does the student Eric Tai belong to ? How many other students belong in 0 clubs ? How many students belong to 1 club ?
How many clubs does the student Eric Tai belong to ? How many other students belong in 0 clubs ? How many students belong to 1 club ? What are their names ?
How many clubs does the student Eric Tai belong to ? How many other students belong in 0 clubs ? How many students belong to 1 club ? What are their names ? What are the club names of the clubs they belong to , please ?
How many clubs does the student Eric Tai belong to ? How many other students belong in 0 clubs ? How many students belong to 1 club ? What are their names ? What are the club names of the clubs they belong to , please ? How many clubs does the student named "Eric Tai" belong to?
How many mountains in this table ?
How many mountains in this table ? How many countries in this table ?
How many mountains in this table ? How many countries in this table ? What is the name of the highest mountain?
How many invoices in this table ?
How many invoices in this table ? List total amount of invoice from Germany ?
How many invoices in this table ? List total amount of invoice from Germany ? List total amount of invoices from Norway ?
How many invoices in this table ? List total amount of invoice from Germany ? List total amount of invoices from Norway ? How many billing countries in this invoice ? | Do you mean the types of billing countries in this invoice | Yes .
How many invoices in this table ? List total amount of invoice from Germany ? List total amount of invoices from Norway ? How many billing countries in this invoice ? | Do you mean the types of billing countries in this invoice | Yes . List total amount of  invoice from Chicago, IL.
Find the state of all cities with post code starting with 4 .
Find the state of all cities with post code starting with 4 . Find the country of all cities with post code starting with 4 .
Find the state of all cities with post code starting with 4 . Find the country of all cities with post code starting with 4 . List all the post codes starting with 4 .
Find the state of all cities with post code starting with 4 . Find the country of all cities with post code starting with 4 . List all the post codes starting with 4 . Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4.
Hello . Can you give me the state in the US with most invoices ?
Hello . Can you give me the state in the US with most invoices ? Can you give me the billing cities for these invoices ? | here are the billing cities of the invoices from the state in the USA with the most invoices | How about postal codes for these invoices ?
Hello . Can you give me the state in the US with most invoices ? Can you give me the billing cities for these invoices ? | here are the billing cities of the invoices from the state in the USA with the most invoices | How about postal codes for these invoices ? Can you give me the billing dates as well ? | do you mean the date of invoice ? | Yes , date of invoice please
Hello . Can you give me the state in the US with most invoices ? Can you give me the billing cities for these invoices ? | here are the billing cities of the invoices from the state in the USA with the most invoices | How about postal codes for these invoices ? Can you give me the billing dates as well ? | do you mean the date of invoice ? | Yes , date of invoice please List the state in the US with the most invoices.
how can find total market rate of the furniture
how can find total market rate of the furniture find the total market rate of the furnitures that have the top 2 market shares.
How many projects are there ?
How many projects are there ? How many staff are there ?
How many projects are there ? How many staff are there ? What project has the most staff ?
How many projects are there ? How many staff are there ? What project has the most staff ? Which staff started the earliest ?
How many projects are there ? How many staff are there ? What project has the most staff ? Which staff started the earliest ? When did they first start working on the projects ? | Do you mean the date when the staff with id 56.0 started the project ? | Yes .
How many projects are there ? How many staff are there ? What project has the most staff ? Which staff started the earliest ? When did they first start working on the projects ? | Do you mean the date when the staff with id 56.0 started the project ? | Yes . When did the first staff for the projects started working?
how many faculties ?
how many faculties ? How many female faculties ?
how many faculties ? How many female faculties ? How many professors ?
how many faculties ? How many female faculties ? How many professors ? Show all the ranks and the number of male and female faculty for each rank.
What is the building name of division AS ? | Do you mean DName ? | Nope building name
What is the building name of division AS ? | Do you mean DName ? | Nope building name What is the room number of Chemistry ?
What is the building name of division AS ? | Do you mean DName ? | Nope building name What is the room number of Chemistry ? What is the DPhone of Biology ?
What is the building name of division AS ? | Do you mean DName ? | Nope building name What is the room number of Chemistry ? What is the DPhone of Biology ? What is the room number of Biology ?
What is the building name of division AS ? | Do you mean DName ? | Nope building name What is the room number of Chemistry ? What is the DPhone of Biology ? What is the room number of Biology ? Find the names of departments that are either in division AS or in division EN and in Building NEB.
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes Show the role code of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes Show the role code of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes Show me other details of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes
Show the role description of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes Show the role code of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes Show me other details of the project staff involved in the most number of project outcomes Show the role description and the id of the project staff involved in most number of project outcomes?
Can you list the states where the secretaries of the Treasury department were born ?
Can you list the states where the secretaries of the Treasury department were born ? Can you list the states where the secretaries of the Homeland Security department were born ?
Can you list the states where the secretaries of the Treasury department were born ? Can you list the states where the secretaries of the Homeland Security department were born ? What departments employ more than 100,000 employees ?
Can you list the states where the secretaries of the Treasury department were born ? Can you list the states where the secretaries of the Homeland Security department were born ? What departments employ more than 100,000 employees ? List the states where both the secretary of 'Treasury' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security' were born.
what is the capacity of Codling Cinema
what is the capacity of Codling Cinema what year was it opened ?
what is the capacity of Codling Cinema what year was it opened ? where is it located ?
what is the capacity of Codling Cinema what year was it opened ? where is it located ? Show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800.
what is the name of the policy types used by more than 2 customers ?
what is the name of the policy types used by more than 2 customers ? what is the start date of Jurisdiction ?
what is the name of the policy types used by more than 2 customers ? what is the start date of Jurisdiction ? what is the end date of Deputy ?
what is the name of the policy types used by more than 2 customers ? what is the start date of Jurisdiction ? what is the end date of Deputy ? Find all the policy types that are used by more than 2 customers.
What are the station ids for San Francisco ? | Do you mean the city San Francisco ? | Yes .
What are the station ids for San Francisco ? | Do you mean the city San Francisco ? | Yes . Which of these have bikes ?
What are the station ids for San Francisco ? | Do you mean the city San Francisco ? | Yes . Which of these have bikes ? Which of these have an average bike availability above 10 ?
What are the station ids for San Francisco ? | Do you mean the city San Francisco ? | Yes . Which of these have bikes ? Which of these have an average bike availability above 10 ? What are the ids of stations that are located in San Francisco and have average bike availability above 10.
how many customer list ? | Do you want the number of documents in the list ? | No , and what is the location shared by the least counties ?
how many customer list ? | Do you want the number of documents in the list ? | No , and what is the location shared by the least counties ? Find the crime rate of the county named `` Burnaby '' ?
how many customer list ? | Do you want the number of documents in the list ? | No , and what is the location shared by the least counties ? Find the crime rate of the county named `` Burnaby '' ? Find the location of the campbell river ?
how many customer list ? | Do you want the number of documents in the list ? | No , and what is the location shared by the least counties ? Find the crime rate of the county named `` Burnaby '' ? Find the location of the campbell river ? which police force assigned the country id 2 ?
how many customer list ? | Do you want the number of documents in the list ? | No , and what is the location shared by the least counties ? Find the crime rate of the county named `` Burnaby '' ? Find the location of the campbell river ? which police force assigned the country id 2 ? What is the location shared by most counties?
hi . can you tell me which product made the highest number of outcomes ? | What attributes of the product that made the highest number of outcomes would you like to know ? | I would like to know the most number of outcomes for all outcome codes
hi . can you tell me which product made the highest number of outcomes ? | What attributes of the product that made the highest number of outcomes would you like to know ? | I would like to know the most number of outcomes for all outcome codes can you give me the project ID ? | Sorry , what would you like the project id for ? | the project that had the highest number of outcomes
hi . can you tell me which product made the highest number of outcomes ? | What attributes of the product that made the highest number of outcomes would you like to know ? | I would like to know the most number of outcomes for all outcome codes can you give me the project ID ? | Sorry , what would you like the project id for ? | the project that had the highest number of outcomes and can you please also give me the project details ?
hi . can you tell me which product made the highest number of outcomes ? | What attributes of the product that made the highest number of outcomes would you like to know ? | I would like to know the most number of outcomes for all outcome codes can you give me the project ID ? | Sorry , what would you like the project id for ? | the project that had the highest number of outcomes and can you please also give me the project details ? Which project made the most number of outcomes? List the project details and the project id.
Can you please provide the names of all courses ?
Can you please provide the names of all courses ? Can you please provide the author id for the author that teaches the Advanced Database course ?
Can you please provide the names of all courses ? Can you please provide the author id for the author that teaches the Advanced Database course ? And what is the full name of the teacher with author id 6 ?
Can you please provide the names of all courses ? Can you please provide the author id for the author that teaches the Advanced Database course ? And what is the full name of the teacher with author id 6 ? And the login name for Adolf Keira Rohan ?
Can you please provide the names of all courses ? Can you please provide the author id for the author that teaches the Advanced Database course ? And what is the full name of the teacher with author id 6 ? And the login name for Adolf Keira Rohan ? Find the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name "advanced database".
how many ref colors are on the table
how many ref colors are on the table list out the product names
how many ref colors are on the table list out the product names what is typical selling price of cumin
how many ref colors are on the table list out the product names what is typical selling price of cumin What is the name of the product with the color description 'yellow'?
What is the least common media type in all tracks
What is the least common media type in all tracks How many different kinds of media types are there ?
What is the least common media type in all tracks How many different kinds of media types are there ? What is the most common media type ?
What is the least common media type in all tracks How many different kinds of media types are there ? What is the most common media type ? How many tracks are there ?
What is the least common media type in all tracks How many different kinds of media types are there ? What is the most common media type ? How many tracks are there ? What is the least common media type in all tracks?
What is his customer id ?
What is his customer id ? How many cards does customer Art Turcotte have?
Can you list driver iDs for all drivers that had first position in laptime at least twice ?
Can you list driver iDs for all drivers that had first position in laptime at least twice ? Can you list all driver IDs ?
Can you list driver iDs for all drivers that had first position in laptime at least twice ? Can you list all driver IDs ? Can you add to the table the forenames and surnames associated with each driver id ?
Can you list driver iDs for all drivers that had first position in laptime at least twice ? Can you list all driver IDs ? Can you add to the table the forenames and surnames associated with each driver id ? What is the id, forname and surname of the driver who had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice?
How many injury accidents are there in total ?
How many injury accidents are there in total ? Can you list them with the date of the game and the name of the player who got injured ?
How many injury accidents are there in total ? Can you list them with the date of the game and the name of the player who got injured ? Can you please also sort thw result by decending order of game seasons ?
How many injury accidents are there in total ? Can you list them with the date of the game and the name of the player who got injured ? Can you please also sort thw result by decending order of game seasons ? For each injury accident, find the date of the game and the name of the injured player in the game, and sort the results in descending order of game season.
Please show me the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating stars
Please show me the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating stars Can you show me the director names together with the name and years ? | Did you mean the directors of the movies that have the top 3 highest rating stars ? | Yes , director names , movie names and years please .
Please show me the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating stars Can you show me the director names together with the name and years ? | Did you mean the directors of the movies that have the top 3 highest rating stars ? | Yes , director names , movie names and years please . Please give me the same information for the movies that have the 3 lowest rating stars .
Please show me the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating stars Can you show me the director names together with the name and years ? | Did you mean the directors of the movies that have the top 3 highest rating stars ? | Yes , director names , movie names and years please . Please give me the same information for the movies that have the 3 lowest rating stars . What are the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star?
how rooms are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask how many entries are in the table rooms ? | exactly
how rooms are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask how many entries are in the table rooms ? | exactly list out the room names
how rooms are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask how many entries are in the table rooms ? | exactly list out the room names what is the base price of Recluse and defiance
how rooms are presented on the table | Did you mean to ask how many entries are in the table rooms ? | exactly list out the room names what is the base price of Recluse and defiance Find the name of rooms whose price is higher than the average price.
Show the residences that have both a player of gender `` M '' and a player `` F '' .
Show the residences that have both a player of gender `` M '' and a player `` F '' . who is the sponsor of jean luc bouche ?
Show the residences that have both a player of gender `` M '' and a player `` F '' . who is the sponsor of jean luc bouche ? Final question is how many votes for Niki Ashton ?
Show the residences that have both a player of gender `` M '' and a player `` F '' . who is the sponsor of jean luc bouche ? Final question is how many votes for Niki Ashton ? Show the residences that have both a player of gender "M" and a player of gender "F".
how many students are living in each state province county ?
how many students are living in each state province county ? show me the first and last names of students in Wisconsin .
how many students are living in each state province county ? show me the first and last names of students in Wisconsin . What are the first names and last names of students with address in Wisconsin state?
what is the name of the countries that do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006 ?
what is the name of the countries that do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006 ? what is the capacity for England ? | You mean the stadium in England ? | yes
what is the name of the countries that do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006 ? what is the capacity for England ? | You mean the stadium in England ? | yes in what city is the stadium in England ?
what is the name of the countries that do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006 ? what is the capacity for England ? | You mean the stadium in England ? | yes in what city is the stadium in England ? Which countries do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006?
which item has the highest rating ?
which item has the highest rating ? what is the average rating ?
which item has the highest rating ? what is the average rating ? what items have higher rating than 7 ?
which item has the highest rating ? what is the average rating ? what items have higher rating than 7 ? what is item id of cup ?
which item has the highest rating ? what is the average rating ? what items have higher rating than 7 ? what is item id of cup ? what is item id 4 ?
which item has the highest rating ? what is the average rating ? what items have higher rating than 7 ? what is item id of cup ? what is item id 4 ? please list all items
which item has the highest rating ? what is the average rating ? what items have higher rating than 7 ? what is item id of cup ? what is item id 4 ? please list all items please list each item and rating from highest to lowest rating
which item has the highest rating ? what is the average rating ? what items have higher rating than 7 ? what is item id of cup ? what is item id 4 ? please list all items please list each item and rating from highest to lowest rating Find the titles of items whose rating is higher than the average review rating of all items.
what film has rental fee of 0.99 ?
what film has rental fee of 0.99 ? Which of the film has the highest rent fee ?
what film has rental fee of 0.99 ? Which of the film has the highest rent fee ? list the films with less than three in inventory
what film has rental fee of 0.99 ? Which of the film has the highest rent fee ? list the films with less than three in inventory Which film is rented at a fee of 0.99 and has less than 3 in the inventory? List the film title and id.
show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928 .
show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928 . which ships were lost ?
show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928 . which ships were lost ? which among them was the biggest ?
show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928 . which ships were lost ? which among them was the biggest ? Show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928.
What is the maximum weeks on top in the table ?
What is the maximum weeks on top in the table ? Which volume id has the maximum weeks on top ?
What is the maximum weeks on top in the table ? Which volume id has the maximum weeks on top ? Hmm , I want to know what is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top please .
What is the maximum weeks on top in the table ? Which volume id has the maximum weeks on top ? Hmm , I want to know what is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top please . What is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top?
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice .
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Zach
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Zach Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Bob .
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Zach Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Bob . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Bob and Zach .
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Zach Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Bob . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Bob and Zach . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice.
What is the height of Cola ?
What is the height of Cola ? Which product has a height smaller than 5 ? | Do you want to know the names of the products with heights smaller than 5 | Yes
What is the height of Cola ? Which product has a height smaller than 5 ? | Do you want to know the names of the products with heights smaller than 5 | Yes What about their length ?
What is the height of Cola ? Which product has a height smaller than 5 ? | Do you want to know the names of the products with heights smaller than 5 | Yes What about their length ? What is the height of Fenta orange ?
What is the height of Cola ? Which product has a height smaller than 5 ? | Do you want to know the names of the products with heights smaller than 5 | Yes What about their length ? What is the height of Fenta orange ? Find the names of the products with length smaller than 3 or height greater than 5.
what are the durations of the longest tracts ?
what are the durations of the longest tracts ? what are the shortest tracks ?
what are the durations of the longest tracts ? what are the shortest tracks ? How many composer are there ?
what are the durations of the longest tracts ? what are the shortest tracks ? How many composer are there ? What are the durations of the longest and the shortest tracks in milliseconds?
What are the delivery dates of orders with 1 quantity ? | do you mean the actual delivery dates ? | Yes
What are the delivery dates of orders with 1 quantity ? | do you mean the actual delivery dates ? | Yes What are the product id of orders with quantity 1 ?
What are the delivery dates of orders with 1 quantity ? | do you mean the actual delivery dates ? | Yes What are the product id of orders with quantity 1 ? Ok , , what are the cuatomers id that have order of quantity 1 ?
What are the delivery dates of orders with 1 quantity ? | do you mean the actual delivery dates ? | Yes What are the product id of orders with quantity 1 ? Ok , , what are the cuatomers id that have order of quantity 1 ? What are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1?
What are the dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000 ?
What are the dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000 ? What are the transaction ids of those ? | Here is the table of the transaction ids of transcation with an amount smaller than 3000 . For example , they are 2 , 4 , 5 | What are the transaction type codes of those ?
What are the dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000 ? What are the transaction ids of those ? | Here is the table of the transaction ids of transcation with an amount smaller than 3000 . For example , they are 2 , 4 , 5 | What are the transaction type codes of those ? What are the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000?
What is the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' but whose screen mode type is not Text ?
What is the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' but whose screen mode type is not Text ? What are the pixels of those ?
What is the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' but whose screen mode type is not Text ? What are the pixels of those ? What are the char cells of those ?
What is the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' but whose screen mode type is not Text ? What are the pixels of those ? What are the char cells of those ? What are the used kb of those ?
What is the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' but whose screen mode type is not Text ? What are the pixels of those ? What are the char cells of those ? What are the used kb of those ? List the hardware model name for the phons that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" but whose screen mode type is not Text.
How many students have a major of 600 ?
How many students have a major of 600 ? What is the age of the oldest of those students ?
How many students have a major of 600 ? What is the age of the oldest of those students ? What about the youngest ?
How many students have a major of 600 ? What is the age of the oldest of those students ? What about the youngest ? What are the maximum and minimum age of students with major 600?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the time spent in all restaurants by Linda Smith ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the time spent in all restaurants by Linda Smith ? Are there any other students with the same city code as Linda Smith ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the time spent in all restaurants by Linda Smith ? Are there any other students with the same city code as Linda Smith ? Of those three students , can you tell me which of them have more time spent in restaurants than Linda Smith ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with the time spent in all restaurants by Linda Smith ? Are there any other students with the same city code as Linda Smith ? Of those three students , can you tell me which of them have more time spent in restaurants than Linda Smith ? How long does student Linda Smith spend on the restaurant in total?
What is the location of the Id no-1 ?
What is the location of the Id no-1 ? how many host in the id no_3 ?
What is the location of the Id no-1 ? how many host in the id no_3 ? what is the age of the host id 3 ?
What is the location of the Id no-1 ? how many host in the id no_3 ? what is the age of the host id 3 ? which nationality of host id no-3 ?
What is the location of the Id no-1 ? how many host in the id no_3 ? what is the age of the host id 3 ? which nationality of host id no-3 ? Show the locations of parties and the names of the party hosts in ascending order of the age of the host.
What are the names for the top three branches with most number of membership ?
What are the names for the top three branches with most number of membership ? What year did they open ?
What are the names for the top three branches with most number of membership ? What year did they open ? What are their cities ?
What are the names for the top three branches with most number of membership ? What year did they open ? What are their cities ? What are names for top three branches with most number of membership?
Can you get me the first names of students that have a milk allergy ?
Can you get me the first names of students that have a milk allergy ? Can you list the cities of these students ? | Do you want both the cities and the first names of the students ? | Yes . Can you please provide both simultaneously ?
Can you get me the first names of students that have a milk allergy ? Can you list the cities of these students ? | Do you want both the cities and the first names of the students ? | Yes . Can you please provide both simultaneously ? Find the different first names and cities of the students who have allergy to milk or cat.
Can you show the Name of the Products of Code 1 ?
Can you show the Name of the Products of Code 1 ? Can you show the Price of the Product Code 1 ?
Can you show the Name of the Products of Code 1 ? Can you show the Price of the Product Code 1 ? Can you show the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities ?
Can you show the Name of the Products of Code 1 ? Can you show the Price of the Product Code 1 ? Can you show the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities ? Find the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities.
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer ids and their associated policy type codes ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer ids and their associated policy type codes ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the customer details values for each customer_ID ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer ids and their associated policy type codes ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the customer details values for each customer_ID ? Awesome ! Can you filter this list to show only the customer IDs and customer names associated with either a deputy policy or an uninformed policy ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of all customer ids and their associated policy type codes ? Great ! Can you update this list to include the customer details values for each customer_ID ? Awesome ! Can you filter this list to show only the customer IDs and customer names associated with either a deputy policy or an uninformed policy ? Find the names of customers who either have an deputy policy or uniformed policy.
For each Orange county campus , report the number of degrees granted after 2000 .
For each Orange county campus , report the number of degrees granted after 2000 . which year has the highest number of degrees ?
For each Orange county campus , report the number of degrees granted after 2000 . which year has the highest number of degrees ? which location in 2004 ? | do you mean campus ? | which campus has the highest number of degrees ?
For each Orange county campus , report the number of degrees granted after 2000 . which year has the highest number of degrees ? which location in 2004 ? | do you mean campus ? | which campus has the highest number of degrees ? For each Orange county campus, report the number of degrees granted after 2000.
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Ryan and last name as Goodwin were completed ?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Ryan and last name as Goodwin were completed ? What customer status code does Ryan Goodwin have ?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Ryan and last name as Goodwin were completed ? What customer status code does Ryan Goodwin have ? What is Ryan Goodwin 's date of birth ?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Ryan and last name as Goodwin were completed ? What customer status code does Ryan Goodwin have ? What is Ryan Goodwin 's date of birth ? How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed?
What game id did the player Walter Samuel get injured during , please ?
What game id did the player Walter Samuel get injured during , please ? What is the season of the game which causes the player 'Walter Samuel' to get injured?
What is the city code of the city that the most students live in ?
What is the city code of the city that the most students live in ? What is the city code of the city that the least students live in ?
What is the city code of the city that the most students live in ? What is the city code of the city that the least students live in ? What is the average age of all the students ?
What is the city code of the city that the most students live in ? What is the city code of the city that the least students live in ? What is the average age of all the students ? What are the majors of all the students with sex F ?
What is the city code of the city that the most students live in ? What is the city code of the city that the least students live in ? What is the average age of all the students ? What are the majors of all the students with sex F ? What is the city_code of the city that the most students live in?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the tourist attractions that are walking distance ? | do you want to just return their names？ | Ah yes ! For now could you please return both the tourist attraction id and the name ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the tourist attractions that are walking distance ? | do you want to just return their names？ | Ah yes ! For now could you please return both the tourist attraction id and the name ? Thank you could you also add to this list any tourist attractions located at 660 Shea Crescent ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the tourist attractions that are walking distance ? | do you want to just return their names？ | Ah yes ! For now could you please return both the tourist attraction id and the name ? Thank you could you also add to this list any tourist attractions located at 660 Shea Crescent ? Thank you very much ! Could you add the Opening Hours to that list for each of the tourist attractions ?
Hello ! Can you provide me with a list of the tourist attractions that are walking distance ? | do you want to just return their names？ | Ah yes ! For now could you please return both the tourist attraction id and the name ? Thank you could you also add to this list any tourist attractions located at 660 Shea Crescent ? Thank you very much ! Could you add the Opening Hours to that list for each of the tourist attractions ? What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by walk or is at address 660 Shea Crescent?
Show me the all student 's names from the college named 'Yale University ' | Do you mean the given names of all the students from the college named 'Yale University ' ? | Yes
Show me the all student 's names from the college named 'Yale University ' | Do you mean the given names of all the students from the college named 'Yale University ' ? | Yes Show me the height list of the student players from this university | Do you mean the height of the players from the college named 'Yale University ' ? | yes
Show me the all student 's names from the college named 'Yale University ' | Do you mean the given names of all the students from the college named 'Yale University ' ? | Yes Show me the height list of the student players from this university | Do you mean the height of the players from the college named 'Yale University ' ? | yes Show me the average height of the student players from the college named 'Yale University '
Show me the all student 's names from the college named 'Yale University ' | Do you mean the given names of all the students from the college named 'Yale University ' ? | Yes Show me the height list of the student players from this university | Do you mean the height of the players from the college named 'Yale University ' ? | yes Show me the average height of the student players from the college named 'Yale University ' What is the average height of the players from the college named 'Yale University'?
How many customers are there ?
How many customers are there ? How many are there that has made at least one payment ?
How many customers are there ? How many are there that has made at least one payment ? Out of those customers , who has spent the least amount of money ? | Do you want the first and last names and id of the customer who has spent the least amount of money ? | Yes please
How many customers are there ? How many are there that has made at least one payment ? Out of those customers , who has spent the least amount of money ? | Do you want the first and last names and id of the customer who has spent the least amount of money ? | Yes please How much money did that customer spend ?
How many customers are there ? How many are there that has made at least one payment ? Out of those customers , who has spent the least amount of money ? | Do you want the first and last names and id of the customer who has spent the least amount of money ? | Yes please How much money did that customer spend ? Which customer, who has made at least one payment, has spent the least money? List his or her first name, last name, and the id.
What are assigned project names ?
What are assigned project names ? How about names of not assigned projects ?
What are assigned project names ? How about names of not assigned projects ? what is the name of not assigned project with the least hours ?
What are assigned project names ? How about names of not assigned projects ? what is the name of not assigned project with the least hours ? Select the project names which are not assigned yet.
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all Staff Department Assignments `` date assigned to '' values ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all Staff Department Assignments `` date assigned to '' values ? Thank you ! Now I realize that I should probably be asking for the date assigned from values ... Therefore , can you provide me with a list of all staff IDs and their corresponding `` date assigned from '' values ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all Staff Department Assignments `` date assigned to '' values ? Thank you ! Now I realize that I should probably be asking for the date assigned from values ... Therefore , can you provide me with a list of all staff IDs and their corresponding `` date assigned from '' values ? Thank you for that ! Can you please filter this list to show only the row of the staff member who has the most recent date_assigned_from value ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all Staff Department Assignments `` date assigned to '' values ? Thank you ! Now I realize that I should probably be asking for the date assigned from values ... Therefore , can you provide me with a list of all staff IDs and their corresponding `` date assigned from '' values ? Thank you for that ! Can you please filter this list to show only the row of the staff member who has the most recent date_assigned_from value ? Thank you ! Could you please display the name and job title of this staff person ?
Hi there ! Can you provide me with a list of all Staff Department Assignments `` date assigned to '' values ? Thank you ! Now I realize that I should probably be asking for the date assigned from values ... Therefore , can you provide me with a list of all staff IDs and their corresponding `` date assigned from '' values ? Thank you for that ! Can you please filter this list to show only the row of the staff member who has the most recent date_assigned_from value ? Thank you ! Could you please display the name and job title of this staff person ? What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest?
What project has the longest time ? List the name .
What project has the longest time ? List the name . What are the names of the projects ?
What project has the longest time ? List the name . What are the names of the projects ? How many hours does A Magnetic Primer Designer have ?
What project has the longest time ? List the name . What are the names of the projects ? How many hours does A Magnetic Primer Designer have ? What is the code for A Magnetic Primer Designer ?
What project has the longest time ? List the name . What are the names of the projects ? How many hours does A Magnetic Primer Designer have ? What is the code for A Magnetic Primer Designer ? What Project has the Shortest time ?
What project has the longest time ? List the name . What are the names of the projects ? How many hours does A Magnetic Primer Designer have ? What is the code for A Magnetic Primer Designer ? What Project has the Shortest time ? Find the name of project that continues for the longest time.
what are the names of the institutions ?
what are the names of the institutions ? what is the number of proteins for each institution ?
what are the names of the institutions ? what is the number of proteins for each institution ? what location is each institution in ?
what are the names of the institutions ? what is the number of proteins for each institution ? what location is each institution in ? Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution.
Thank you . What are the office extensions numbers of professor Donelly and Blalock please ?
Thank you . What are the office extensions numbers of professor Donelly and Blalock please ? Thank you ! Can you please confirm the school code of the History Department ?
Thank you . What are the office extensions numbers of professor Donelly and Blalock please ? Thank you ! Can you please confirm the school code of the History Department ? What is the last name and office of the professor from the history department?
How many departments are there ?
How many departments are there ? Which department is the smallest ? | Do you mean the department that has the fewest members ? | Yes , which department has the fewest members ?
How many departments are there ? Which department is the smallest ? | Do you mean the department that has the fewest members ? | Yes , which department has the fewest members ? How many members does it have ?
How many departments are there ? Which department is the smallest ? | Do you mean the department that has the fewest members ? | Yes , which department has the fewest members ? How many members does it have ? Find the name of the department that has the fewest members.
How many directors have multiple show times ?
How many directors have multiple show times ? What are the names of the two directors who have multiple show times ?
How many directors have multiple show times ? What are the names of the two directors who have multiple show times ? How many show times does BIll Schreiner have
How many directors have multiple show times ? What are the names of the two directors who have multiple show times ? How many show times does BIll Schreiner have How many show times does Jesus Salvador Trevino have ?
How many directors have multiple show times ? What are the names of the two directors who have multiple show times ? How many show times does BIll Schreiner have How many show times does Jesus Salvador Trevino have ? Which show director has the largest number of show times in total ?
How many directors have multiple show times ? What are the names of the two directors who have multiple show times ? How many show times does BIll Schreiner have How many show times does Jesus Salvador Trevino have ? Which show director has the largest number of show times in total ? Show director with the largest number of show times in total.
List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters
List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters How many milliseconds does each of those tracks have ?
List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters How many milliseconds does each of those tracks have ? Show me the price for each of those tracks | Do you mean unit price ? | Yes
List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters How many milliseconds does each of those tracks have ? Show me the price for each of those tracks | Do you mean unit price ? | Yes List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters.
what is the average of account balance ?
what is the average of account balance ? can you show me a list of account type ?
what is the average of account balance ? can you show me a list of account type ? what is the average of credit score ?
what is the average of account balance ? can you show me a list of account type ? what is the average of credit score ? find the total account balance of each customer from Utah or Texas
what is the average of account balance ? can you show me a list of account type ? what is the average of credit score ? find the total account balance of each customer from Utah or Texas Find the total account balance of each customer from Utah or Texas.
How many origin are there ?
How many origin are there ? How many flights are there ?
How many origin are there ? How many flights are there ? Which origin has least number of flights ?
How many origin are there ? How many flights are there ? Which origin has least number of flights ? Which origin has most number of flights?
WHAT ARE THE MASCOTS FOR THE SCHOOLS ENROLLMENTS ABOVE THE AVERAGE
WHAT ARE THE MASCOTS FOR THE SCHOOLS ENROLLMENTS ABOVE THE AVERAGE TELL ME THE LOCATION OF GLENN | Do you mean the location of the school named `` Glenn '' ? | YES
WHAT ARE THE MASCOTS FOR THE SCHOOLS ENROLLMENTS ABOVE THE AVERAGE TELL ME THE LOCATION OF GLENN | Do you mean the location of the school named `` Glenn '' ? | YES TELL ME THE ENROLLMENT OF CULVER COMMUNITY
WHAT ARE THE MASCOTS FOR THE SCHOOLS ENROLLMENTS ABOVE THE AVERAGE TELL ME THE LOCATION OF GLENN | Do you mean the location of the school named `` Glenn '' ? | YES TELL ME THE ENROLLMENT OF CULVER COMMUNITY What are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average?
how many album id
how many album id how many genre id
how many album id how many genre id ok , let show me the average unit price of all genre id
how many album id how many genre id ok , let show me the average unit price of all genre id Find number of tracks in each genre?
