What is the number of employees in each department ?
What is the number of employees in each department ? Which department has the most employees ? Give me the department name .
What is the number of employees in each department ? Which department has the most employees ? Give me the department name . Find the department with the most employees.
How many employees does each department have ?
How many employees does each department have ? Which department has the least employees ?
How many employees does each department have ? Which department has the least employees ? Who is the head of this department ? Find the employee id .
How many employees does each department have ? Which department has the least employees ? Who is the head of this department ? Find the employee id . Tell me the employee id of the head of the department with the least employees.
How many employees does each department have ?
How many employees does each department have ? Which department has the smallest number of employees ?
How many employees does each department have ? Which department has the smallest number of employees ? Tell me the name and position of the head of this department .
How many employees does each department have ? Which department has the smallest number of employees ? Tell me the name and position of the head of this department . Find the name and position of the head of the department with the least employees.
List the patient id for all the appointments .
List the patient id for all the appointments . What are the names of patients who have made appointments ?
List the patient id for all the appointments . What are the names of patients who have made appointments ? List the names of patients who have made appointments.
Find the number of appointments each patient has made .
Find the number of appointments each patient has made . Which patients made more than one appointment ?
Find the number of appointments each patient has made . Which patients made more than one appointment ? Tell me the name and phone number of these patients
Find the number of appointments each patient has made . Which patients made more than one appointment ? Tell me the name and phone number of these patients Which patients made more than one appointment? Tell me the name and phone number of these patients.
What is the start date of each appointment ?
What is the start date of each appointment ? Sort the appointments by the starting date in descending order .
What is the start date of each appointment ? Sort the appointments by the starting date in descending order . Which appointment has the most recent starting date ? Give me the appointment id .
What is the start date of each appointment ? Sort the appointments by the starting date in descending order . Which appointment has the most recent starting date ? Give me the appointment id . What is the id of the appointment that started most recently?
What are the ids of the physicians who took appointments ?
What are the ids of the physicians who took appointments ? Also tell me their names .
What are the ids of the physicians who took appointments ? Also tell me their names . What are the names of all the physicians who took appointments.
List all the physician names .
List all the physician names . Find the names of the physicians who took appointments .
List all the physician names . Find the names of the physicians who took appointments . Then what are the names of physicians who never took any appointment ?
List all the physician names . Find the names of the physicians who took appointments . Then what are the names of physicians who never took any appointment ? Which physicians have never taken any appointment? Find their names.
List the name of each physician .
List the name of each physician . Find the name of the primarily affiliated department for each physician .
List the name of each physician . Find the name of the primarily affiliated department for each physician . Return both information together .
List the name of each physician . Find the name of the primarily affiliated department for each physician . Return both information together . What are the name and primarily affiliated department name of each physician?
Sort all the appointments by the start date from recent to past .
Sort all the appointments by the start date from recent to past . Which appointment has the most recent start date ?
Sort all the appointments by the start date from recent to past . Which appointment has the most recent start date ? Find the name of the patient who made that appointment .
Sort all the appointments by the start date from recent to past . Which appointment has the most recent start date ? Find the name of the patient who made that appointment . Find the name of the patient who made the appointment with the most recent start date.
Find all the stays in room 112 .
Find all the stays in room 112 . How many patients stayed in room 112 ?
Find all the stays in room 112 . How many patients stayed in room 112 ? Count the number of patients who stayed in room 112.
What is the employee id of physician John Dorian ?
What is the employee id of physician John Dorian ? Find all the prescriptions made by him .
What is the employee id of physician John Dorian ? Find all the prescriptions made by him . How many patients ' prescriptions are made by him ?
What is the employee id of physician John Dorian ? Find all the prescriptions made by him . How many patients ' prescriptions are made by him ? Find the number of patients' prescriptions physician John Dorian made.
Which patient is staying in room 111 ? Tell me the patient id .
Which patient is staying in room 111 ? Tell me the patient id . What is the id of the medication used for this patient ?
Which patient is staying in room 111 ? Tell me the patient id . What is the id of the medication used for this patient ? What is the name of the medication ?
Which patient is staying in room 111 ? Tell me the patient id . What is the id of the medication used for this patient ? What is the name of the medication ? What is the name of the medication used for the patient staying in room 111?
Find the patients who stayed in room 111 .
Find the patients who stayed in room 111 . Sort the patients by the stay start date , from recent to past .
Find the patients who stayed in room 111 . Sort the patients by the stay start date , from recent to past . Which patient stayed there most recently ?
Find the patients who stayed in room 111 . Sort the patients by the stay start date , from recent to past . Which patient stayed there most recently ? What is the id of the patient who stayed in room 111 most recently?
How many appointments does each nurse have ?
How many appointments does each nurse have ? Find the nurse with the most appointments . What is the nurse 's name ?
How many appointments does each nurse have ? Find the nurse with the most appointments . What is the nurse 's name ? Find the name of the nurse who has the largest number of appointments.
Group the patients by the physician treating them .
Group the patients by the physician treating them . How many patients is each physician taking care of ?
Group the patients by the physician treating them . How many patients is each physician taking care of ? For each physician , return his or her name and the number of patients .
Group the patients by the physician treating them . How many patients is each physician taking care of ? For each physician , return his or her name and the number of patients . Return the name of each physician and the number of patients he or she treats.
How many patients is each physician in change of ?
How many patients is each physician in change of ? Which physicians are in charge of more than one ?
How many patients is each physician in change of ? Which physicians are in charge of more than one ? What are the name of these physicians ?
How many patients is each physician in change of ? Which physicians are in charge of more than one ? What are the name of these physicians ? Which physicians are in charge of more than one patient? Give me their names.
What is the block floor each room is located on ?
What is the block floor each room is located on ? How many rooms does each block floor have ?
What is the block floor each room is located on ? How many rooms does each block floor have ? How many rooms does each block floor have?
What is each room 's block code ?
What is each room 's block code ? How many rooms does each block code have ?
What is each room 's block code ? How many rooms does each block code have ? How many rooms are located for each block code?
List all the rooms that are available .
List all the rooms that are available . What are the distinct block codes that have rooms available ?
List all the rooms that are available . What are the distinct block codes that have rooms available ? Tell me the distinct block codes where some rooms are available.
List all the room types .
List all the room types . How many distinct room types are there ?
List all the room types . How many distinct room types are there ? Find the number of distinct room types available.
What is the code of the medication called Thesisin ?
What is the code of the medication called Thesisin ? Which physicians prescribe this medication ? Tell me the distinct ids .
What is the code of the medication called Thesisin ? Which physicians prescribe this medication ? Tell me the distinct ids . What are the names of the physicians ?
What is the code of the medication called Thesisin ? Which physicians prescribe this medication ? Tell me the distinct ids . What are the names of the physicians ? List the names of all the physicians who prescribe Thesisin as medication.
Which medication has brand X ?
Which medication has brand X ? Find the physicians who prescribe this medication .
Which medication has brand X ? Find the physicians who prescribe this medication . What are their name and position ?
Which medication has brand X ? Find the physicians who prescribe this medication . What are their name and position ? Which physicians prescribe a medication of brand X? Tell me the name and position of those physicians.
Group all the medications by the brand .
Group all the medications by the brand . How many medications are prescribed for each brand ?
Group all the medications by the brand . How many medications are prescribed for each brand ? How many medications are prescribed for each brand?
Find the position title of each physician .
Find the position title of each physician . Which physicians have 'senior ' in their titles ?
Find the position title of each physician . Which physicians have 'senior ' in their titles ? Give me their names
Find the position title of each physician . Which physicians have 'senior ' in their titles ? Give me their names What are the names of the physicians who have 'senior' in their titles.
List the dates of treatment undergoing .
List the dates of treatment undergoing . What is the most recent undergoing treatment ?
List the dates of treatment undergoing . What is the most recent undergoing treatment ? What is the patient of this treatment ?
List the dates of treatment undergoing . What is the most recent undergoing treatment ? What is the patient of this treatment ? Which patient is undergoing the most recent treatment?
List all the patients who have an undergoing treatment .
List all the patients who have an undergoing treatment . Among them , who are staying in room 111 ?
List all the patients who have an undergoing treatment . Among them , who are staying in room 111 ? What are their names ?
List all the patients who have an undergoing treatment . Among them , who are staying in room 111 ? What are their names ? What are the names of patients who are staying in room 111 and have an undergoing treatment?
List the distinct names of all the nurses
List the distinct names of all the nurses Order them in the alphabetical order .
List the distinct names of all the nurses Order them in the alphabetical order . What is the alphabetically ordered list of all the distinct names of nurses?
Find the nurses in charge of undergoing treatments .
Find the nurses in charge of undergoing treatments . What are the distinct names of the nurses ?
Find the nurses in charge of undergoing treatments . What are the distinct names of the nurses ? Which nurses are in charge of patients undergoing treatments?
What are the distinct names of medications ?
What are the distinct names of medications ? Sort them in an alphabetical order
What are the distinct names of medications ? Sort them in an alphabetical order What is the alphabetically ordered list of all distinct medications?
What is the list of the dose each physician prescribes ?
What is the list of the dose each physician prescribes ? Sort in the descending order of dose .
What is the list of the dose each physician prescribes ? Sort in the descending order of dose . What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose ?
What is the list of the dose each physician prescribes ? Sort in the descending order of dose . What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose ? Find the physician who prescribed the highest dose. What is his or her name?
Which departments have some physicians primarily affiliated .
Which departments have some physicians primarily affiliated . What are the distinct names of the departments ?
Which departments have some physicians primarily affiliated . What are the distinct names of the departments ? What are the names of departments that have primarily affiliated physicians.
What information do you have on video games ?
What information do you have on video games ? How many of them are there ?
What information do you have on video games ? How many of them are there ? How many video games do you have?
What are the game types for each video game ?
What are the game types for each video game ? Give me a list of the different game types ?
What are the game types for each video game ? Give me a list of the different game types ? How long is that list ?
What are the game types for each video game ? Give me a list of the different game types ? How long is that list ? What is the count of different game types?
What is the type of each game ?
What is the type of each game ? What is a list of the different types ?
What is the type of each game ? What is a list of the different types ? What are the different types of video games?
What is the type of each video game ?
What is the type of each video game ? Also , what are their names ?
What is the type of each video game ? Also , what are their names ? Order the above information by the game name alphabetically .
What is the type of each video game ? Also , what are their names ? Order the above information by the game name alphabetically . What are the names of all the video games and their types in alphabetical order?
What information is there on video games ?
What information is there on video games ? What information do you have on video games that are of type collectible card game ?
What information is there on video games ? What information do you have on video games that are of type collectible card game ? What are their names ?
What information is there on video games ? What information do you have on video games that are of type collectible card game ? What are their names ? What are the names of all video games that are collectible cards?
What is the name of each game ?
What is the name of each game ? What information do you have on the game called Call of Destiny ?
What is the name of each game ? What information do you have on the game called Call of Destiny ? What type is it ?
What is the name of each game ? What information do you have on the game called Call of Destiny ? What type is it ? What type of game is Call of Destiny?
Count the number of video games with Massively multiplayer online game type .
What are the different types of video games ?
What are the different types of video games ? For each type , what information is there on the games ?
What are the different types of video games ? For each type , what information is there on the games ? How many games are there for each type ?
What are the different types of video games ? For each type , what information is there on the games ? How many games are there for each type ? What are the types of video games and how many are in each type?
What are the game types ?
What are the game types ? Order the list of game types by number of games in descending order .
What are the game types ? Order the list of game types by number of games in descending order . Which type has the most ?
What are the game types ? Order the list of game types by number of games in descending order . Which type has the most ? What type has the most games?
What are the different game types ?
What are the different game types ? Order the list of game types by number of games in ascending order .
What are the different game types ? Order the list of game types by number of games in ascending order . Which type has the most ?
What are the different game types ? Order the list of game types by number of games in ascending order . Which type has the most ? What is the type with the fewest games?
What are the student ids ?
What are the student ids ? Which of those are for students who live in the city with the code CHI ?
What are the student ids ? Which of those are for students who live in the city with the code CHI ? What are the ids of all students who live in CHI?
What information do you have on the students ?
What information do you have on the students ? What are their ids ?
What information do you have on the students ? What are their ids ? Which of those are for students who have advisor 1121 ?
What information do you have on the students ? What are their ids ? Which of those are for students who have advisor 1121 ? What are the ids of all students who have advisor number 1121?
List all student information
List all student information Which of that information is for students in the major numbered 600 ?
List all student information Which of that information is for students in the major numbered 600 ? What are their first names ?
List all student information Which of that information is for students in the major numbered 600 ? What are their first names ? What are the first names for all students who are from the major numbered 600?
What are the different majors ?
What are the different majors ? For each of those , what is the average age ?
What are the different majors ? For each of those , what is the average age ? Also , what is the minimum and maximum for each of those ?
What are the different majors ? For each of those , what is the average age ? Also , what is the minimum and maximum for each of those ? What are the average, minimum, and max ages for each of the different majors?
What information do you have on each advisor ?
What information do you have on each advisor ? What is the name for each advisor ?
What information do you have on each advisor ? What is the name for each advisor ? Which of those are for advisors who have more than 1 students ?
What information do you have on each advisor ? What is the name for each advisor ? Which of those are for advisors who have more than 1 students ? What are the advisors
What sport does every student play ?
What sport does every student play ? What is a list of the different types of sports ?
What sport does every student play ? What is a list of the different types of sports ? How long is that list ?
What sport does every student play ? What is a list of the different types of sports ? How long is that list ? How many different types of sports do we offer?
What is the student id of every student involved in sports ?
What is the student id of every student involved in sports ? Delete any repeats .
What is the student id of every student involved in sports ? Delete any repeats . How many different student ids are there ?
What is the student id of every student involved in sports ? Delete any repeats . How many different student ids are there ? How many different students are involved in sports?
What information is there on all sport players ?
What information is there on all sport players ? Which of those are on scholarship ?
What information is there on all sport players ? Which of those are on scholarship ? What are their student ids ?
What information is there on all sport players ? Which of those are on scholarship ? What are their student ids ? What are the ids for all sporty students who are on scholarship?
What information is there on all students who play sports ?
What information is there on all students who play sports ? Which subset of this information is for students on scholarships ?
What information is there on all students who play sports ? Which subset of this information is for students on scholarships ? What are their last names ?
What information is there on all students who play sports ? Which subset of this information is for students on scholarships ? What are their last names ? What are the last names for all scholarship students?
What sports information do you have ?
What sports information do you have ? How many games did each student play ?
What sports information do you have ? How many games did each student play ? What is the total number played ?
What sports information do you have ? How many games did each student play ? What is the total number played ? What is the total number of games played?
How many games has each student played ?
How many games has each student played ? Which of those refer to football games played by scholarship students ?
How many games has each student played ? Which of those refer to football games played by scholarship students ? What is the total number of those games played ?
How many games has each student played ? Which of those refer to football games played by scholarship students ? What is the total number of those games played ? What is the total number of all football games played by scholarship students?
What information do you have on each sport ?
What information do you have on each sport ? How many students play each one ?
What information do you have on each sport ? How many students play each one ? Also , what are the names of each sport ?
What information do you have on each sport ? How many students play each one ? Also , what are the names of each sport ? How many students play each sport?
How many sports does each student play ?
How many sports does each student play ? Also , how many games has each student played ?
How many sports does each student play ? Also , how many games has each student played ? Also , what are their different student ids ?
How many sports does each student play ? Also , how many games has each student played ? Also , what are their different student ids ? What are the ids of all students along with how many sports and games did they play?
What are the student IDs for every student ?
What are the student IDs for every student ? Which of those are for students who played more than 10 hours of a week for all sports ?
What are the student IDs for every student ? Which of those are for students who played more than 10 hours of a week for all sports ? What are the student IDs for everybody who worked for more than 10 hours per week on all sports?
For each student , how many sports do they play ?
For each student , how many sports do they play ? Order the information in descending order by number of sports played .
For each student , how many sports do they play ? Order the information in descending order by number of sports played . What is the first and last name of student who played the most ?
For each student , how many sports do they play ? Order the information in descending order by number of sports played . What is the first and last name of student who played the most ? What is the first and last name of the student who played the most sports?
What is the name of every sport ?
What is the name of every sport ? Of those , which had students on scholarship ?
What is the name of every sport ? Of those , which had students on scholarship ? Which sport has the most of those students ?
What is the name of every sport ? Of those , which had students on scholarship ? Which sport has the most of those students ? What is the sport with the most scholarship students?
What are the student ids of all those who play sports ?
What are the student ids of all those who play sports ? What are the ids of all students ?
What are the student ids of all those who play sports ? What are the ids of all students ? Which ids are in the latter list but not the former ?
What are the student ids of all those who play sports ? What are the ids of all students ? Which ids are in the latter list but not the former ? What are the ids of all students who don't play sports?
What are the ids of all students who are in major 600 ?
What are the ids of all students who are in major 600 ? What are the student ids for all those on scholarship ?
What are the ids of all students who are in major 600 ? What are the student ids for all those on scholarship ? What ids are in both categories ?
What are the ids of all students who are in major 600 ? What are the student ids for all those on scholarship ? What ids are in both categories ? What are the student ids for those on scholarship in major number 600?
What are the ids of all female students ?
What are the ids of all female students ? What are the student ids of all those who play football ?
What are the ids of all female students ? What are the student ids of all those who play football ? What ids are for both ?
What are the ids of all female students ? What are the student ids of all those who play football ? What ids are for both ? What are the ids of all female students who play football?
What are the ids of all the students ?
What are the ids of all the students ? What are the ids of all those who play football ?
What are the ids of all the students ? What are the ids of all those who play football ? What are the ids of those who do n't play football ?
What are the ids of all the students ? What are the ids of all those who play football ? What are the ids of those who do n't play football ? What are the ids of all male students who do not play football?
What information on sports do you have for the student named David Shieber ?
What information on sports do you have for the student named David Shieber ? How many hours per week does he practice in total ?
What information on sports do you have for the student named David Shieber ? How many hours per week does he practice in total ? Also , how many games does he play overall ?
What information on sports do you have for the student named David Shieber ? How many hours per week does he practice in total ? Also , how many games does he play overall ? What is the total number of hours per work and number of games played by David Shieber?
What sports information is there on students under the age of 20 ?
What sports information is there on students under the age of 20 ? How many hours per week do they practice in total ?
What sports information is there on students under the age of 20 ? How many hours per week do they practice in total ? Also , how many games do they play overall ?
What sports information is there on students under the age of 20 ? How many hours per week do they practice in total ? Also , how many games do they play overall ? What is the total number of hours per week and number of games played by students under 20?
What are the student ids of those who play games ?
What are the student ids of those who play games ? Give me a list of unique ids .
What are the student ids of those who play games ? Give me a list of unique ids . How long is it ?
What are the student ids of those who play games ? Give me a list of unique ids . How long is it ? How many different students play games?
What are all the student ids ?
What are all the student ids ? What are the student ids of all who play games ?
What are all the student ids ? What are the student ids of all who play games ? What are the ids of all those in the first category but not the second ?
What are all the student ids ? What are the student ids of all who play games ? What are the ids of all those in the first category but not the second ? What are the ids of all students who are not video game players?
What are the ids of all students who play sports ?
What are the ids of all students who play sports ? What are the student ids of all those who play games ?
What are the ids of all students who play sports ? What are the student ids of all those who play games ? What are the ids of those who play sports but do n't play games ?
What are the ids of all students who play sports ? What are the student ids of all those who play games ? What are the ids of those who play sports but do n't play games ? What are the ids of all students who played video games and sports?
How many hours did each student play for each game ?
How many hours did each student play for each game ? What is the toal number of hours played for each game ?
How many hours did each student play for each game ? What is the toal number of hours played for each game ? And what is the id of each game ?
How many hours did each student play for each game ? What is the toal number of hours played for each game ? And what is the id of each game ? What are ids and total number of hours played for each game?
For each student id , how many hours did each student play ?
For each student id , how many hours did each student play ? How much did they play in total ?
For each student id , how many hours did each student play ? How much did they play in total ? Also , what are their student ids ?
For each student id , how many hours did each student play ? How much did they play in total ? Also , what are their student ids ? What are the ids of all students and number of hours played?
What is the name of each game from its id ?
What is the name of each game from its id ? Order the names by total hours played .
What is the name of each game from its id ? Order the names by total hours played . which one is first ?
What is the name of each game from its id ? Order the names by total hours played . which one is first ? What is the name of the game that has been played the most?
What are the names of all the games that have been played for at least 1000 hours?
What are the names of all games played by Linda Smith?
What are the ids of all students who played football or Lacrosse ?
What are the ids of all students who played football or Lacrosse ? What are the first names that correspond to those ids ?
What are the ids of all students who played football or Lacrosse ? What are the first names that correspond to those ids ? Also , what are their last names ?
What are the ids of all students who played football or Lacrosse ? What are the first names that correspond to those ids ? Also , what are their last names ? What is the first and last name of all students who play Football or Lacrosse?
What are the student ids of all who played Football ?
What are the student ids of all who played Football ? Which of those ids are also marked as having played Lacrosse ?
What are the student ids of all who played Football ? Which of those ids are also marked as having played Lacrosse ? What are the first names and ages that correspond to those student ids ?
What are the student ids of all who played Football ? Which of those ids are also marked as having played Lacrosse ? What are the first names and ages that correspond to those student ids ? What are the first names and ages of all students who are playing both Football and Lacrosse?
What are the distinct classroom buildings ?
What are the distinct classroom buildings ? Of those , which have capacity of over 50 ?
What are the distinct classroom buildings ? Of those , which have capacity of over 50 ? What are the distinct buildings with capacities of greater than 50?
Which classrooms are not in Lamberton ?
Which classrooms are not in Lamberton ? How many are there ?
Which classrooms are not in Lamberton ? How many are there ? How many classrooms are not in Lamberton?
What is the average department budget ?
What is the average department budget ? Which departments have a budget higher than average ?
What is the average department budget ? Which departments have a budget higher than average ? What are their names and buildings ?
What is the average department budget ? Which departments have a budget higher than average ? What are their names and buildings ? Give the name and building of the departments with greater than average budget.
Which classrooms have capacity between 50 and 100 ?
Which classrooms have capacity between 50 and 100 ? What are their buildings and room numbers ?
Which classrooms have capacity between 50 and 100 ? What are their buildings and room numbers ? What are the room numbers and corresponding buildings for classrooms which can seat between 50 to 100 students?
Order the departments by budget in decreasing order .
Order the departments by budget in decreasing order . Which is has the highest budget ?
Order the departments by budget in decreasing order . Which is has the highest budget ? What is its name and building ?
Order the departments by budget in decreasing order . Which is has the highest budget ? What is its name and building ? What is the department name and corresponding building for the department with the greatest budget?
What are the names of students in the History department ?
What are the names of students in the History department ? Which one has the most credits ?
What are the names of students in the History department ? Which one has the most credits ? Give the name of the student in the History department with the most credits.
What are all the classrooms in Lamberton ?
What are all the classrooms in Lamberton ? How many are there ?
What are all the classrooms in Lamberton ? How many are there ? Count the number of classrooms in Lamberton.
What are the student ids of students with advisors ?
What are the student ids of students with advisors ? How many are there ?
What are the student ids of students with advisors ? How many are there ? Count the number of students who have advisors.
What are all the department names of departments that offer courses ?
What are all the department names of departments that offer courses ? How many are there ?
What are all the department names of departments that offer courses ? How many are there ? Count the number of departments which offer courses.
What are all the courses in the Physics department ?
What are all the courses in the Physics department ? What are their course ids ?
What are all the courses in the Physics department ? What are their course ids ? How many are there ?
What are all the courses in the Physics department ? What are their course ids ? How many are there ? Count the number of courses in the Physics department.
Which courses have some prerequisite ?
Which courses have some prerequisite ? Which ones have two prerequisites among them ?
Which courses have some prerequisite ? Which ones have two prerequisites among them ? What are their titles ?
Which courses have some prerequisite ? Which ones have two prerequisites among them ? What are their titles ? What are the titles for courses with two prerequisites?
Which courses have more than 1 prerequisite ?
Which courses have more than 1 prerequisite ? What title , credit , and department name correspond to these ?
Which courses have more than 1 prerequisite ? What title , credit , and department name correspond to these ? What is the title, credit value, and department name for courses with more than one prerequisite?
What are the ids for courses that have some prerequisites ?
What are the ids for courses that have some prerequisites ? How many courses do not in the resulting list ?
What are the ids for courses that have some prerequisites ? How many courses do not in the resulting list ? Count the number of courses without prerequisites.
What are the ids for prerequisites ?
What are the ids for prerequisites ? Which courses do not have prerequisites ?
What are the ids for prerequisites ? Which courses do not have prerequisites ? What are their titles ?
What are the ids for prerequisites ? Which courses do not have prerequisites ? What are their titles ? What are the titles of courses without prerequisites?
What are the ids of instructors who have taught a course ?
What are the ids of instructors who have taught a course ? How many are there ?
What are the ids of instructors who have taught a course ? How many are there ? Count the number of distinct instructors who have taught a course.
What are the budgets of the Marketing department ?
What are the budgets of the Marketing department ? How about that for the Finance department ?
What are the budgets of the Marketing department ? How about that for the Finance department ? What is their total budget ?
What are the budgets of the Marketing department ? How about that for the Finance department ? What is their total budget ? What is the sum of budgets of the Marketing and Finance departments?
What is all the information about an instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' ?
What is all the information about an instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' ? What is their department name ?
What is all the information about an instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon ' ? What is their department name ? What is the name of the department with an instructure who has a name like 'Soisalon'?
How many rooms are there in Lamberton ?
How many rooms are there in Lamberton ? Of those , how many have capacity less than 50 ?
How many rooms are there in Lamberton ? Of those , how many have capacity less than 50 ? Count the number of rooms in Lamberton with capacity lower than 50.
What is the average department budget ?
What is the average department budget ? Which departments have a budget higher than that ?
What is the average department budget ? Which departments have a budget higher than that ? What are their names and budgets ?
What is the average department budget ? Which departments have a budget higher than that ? What are their names and budgets ? What are the names and budgets of departments with budgets greater than the average?
What are the names of the professors in the Statistics department ?
What are the names of the professors in the Statistics department ? Which one earns the least ?
What are the names of the professors in the Statistics department ? Which one earns the least ? Give the name of the lowest earning instructor in the Statistics department.
What are the titles of Statistics courses ?
What are the titles of Statistics courses ? Of these , which are also listed as Psychology courses ?
What are the titles of Statistics courses ? Of these , which are also listed as Psychology courses ? What is the title of a course that is listed in both the Statistics and Psychology departments?
What are the titles of Statistics courses ?
What are the titles of Statistics courses ? Of these , which are not provided by the Psychology department ?
What are the titles of Statistics courses ? Of these , which are not provided by the Psychology department ? What are the titles of courses that are in the Statistics department but not the Psychology department?
What are the ids of instructors who taught in the Fall of 2009 ?
What are the ids of instructors who taught in the Fall of 2009 ? Of those , which did not teach in the Spring of 2010 ?
What are the ids of instructors who taught in the Fall of 2009 ? Of those , which did not teach in the Spring of 2010 ? What are the ids of instructors who taught in the Fall of 2009 but not in the Spring of 2010?
What are the distinct names of all the students ?
What are the distinct names of all the students ? Of these , which took classes in 2009 or 2010 ?
What are the distinct names of all the students ? Of these , which took classes in 2009 or 2010 ? What are the names of the students who took classes in 2009 or 2010?
How many courses does each department have ?
How many courses does each department have ? Order their names from greatest to least .
How many courses does each department have ? Order their names from greatest to least . What are the top 3 ?
How many courses does each department have ? Order their names from greatest to least . What are the top 3 ? What are the names of the 3 departments with the most courses?
How many credits does each department offer ?
How many credits does each department offer ? What is the name of the department which offers the most ?
How many credits does each department offer ? What is the name of the department which offers the most ? What is the name of the department with the most credits?
What are the titles of all courses ?
What are the titles of all courses ? Order them by titles and credits .
What are the titles of all courses ? Order them by titles and credits . Given the titles of all courses, in order of titles and credits.
Order the department names by increasing budget .
Order the department names by increasing budget . Which has the lowest ?
Order the department names by increasing budget . Which has the lowest ? Give the name of the department with the lowest budget.
Order the departments by decreasing budget .
Order the departments by decreasing budget . In the same order , what are their names and buildings ?
Order the departments by decreasing budget . In the same order , what are their names and buildings ? What are the names and buildings of the deparments, sorted by budget descending?
Order the instructor names by salary from greatest to least .
Order the instructor names by salary from greatest to least . Who is paid the most ?
Order the instructor names by salary from greatest to least . Who is paid the most ? Give the name of the highest paid instructor.
What is all the information about instructors ?
What is all the information about instructors ? Order this by increasing salary .
What is all the information about instructors ? Order this by increasing salary . Give all information regarding instructors, in order of salary from least to greatest.
What are the names and department names for each student ?
What are the names and department names for each student ? Order this by total credits ascending .
What are the names and department names for each student ? Order this by total credits ascending . What are the names of students and their respective departments, ordered by number of credits from least to greatest?
What were all the course titles in 2008 ?
What were all the course titles in 2008 ? Also , what were the instructors ' names ?
What were all the course titles in 2008 ? Also , what were the instructors ' names ? Order this by title .
What were all the course titles in 2008 ? Also , what were the instructors ' names ? Order this by title . Show all titles and their instructors' names for courses in 2008, in alphabetical order by title.
What are the names of all instructors who advise students ?
What are the names of all instructors who advise students ? Of those , which advise more than one student ?
What are the names of all instructors who advise students ? Of those , which advise more than one student ? What are the names of instructors who advise more than one student?
What are the names of students with advisors ?
What are the names of students with advisors ? Which ones have more than one advisor ?
What are the names of students with advisors ? Which ones have more than one advisor ? What are the names of students who have more than one advisor?
How many classrooms have capacity greater than 50 ?
How many classrooms have capacity greater than 50 ? Count these by building .
How many classrooms have capacity greater than 50 ? Count these by building . How many rooms in each building have a capacity of over 50?
What are the maximum and average capacities across all classrooms ?
What are the maximum and average capacities across all classrooms ? Find these for each building .
What are the maximum and average capacities across all classrooms ? Find these for each building . What are the greatest and average capacity for rooms in each building?
What are all the different course titles ?
What are all the different course titles ? Of those , which are offered in more than one department ?
What are all the different course titles ? Of those , which are offered in more than one department ? What are the titles of courses that are offered in more than one department?
How many total credits are offered ?
How many total credits are offered ? Find the totals by department name .
How many total credits are offered ? Find the totals by department name . How many total credits are offered by each department?
What is the average salary of an instructor ?
What is the average salary of an instructor ? What are the departments with average salary greater than that ?
What is the average salary of an instructor ? What are the departments with average salary greater than that ? Also , what are their lowest salaries ?
What is the average salary of an instructor ? What are the departments with average salary greater than that ? Also , what are their lowest salaries ? What is the lowest salary in departments with average salary greater than the overall average.
How many courses are offered in each year ?
How many courses are offered in each year ? Split these by semester as well .
How many courses are offered in each year ? Split these by semester as well . How many courses are provided in each semester and year?
How many courses are offered in each year ?
How many courses are offered in each year ? Which year had the most ?
How many courses are offered in each year ? Which year had the most ? Which year had the greatest number of courses?
Find the number of courses in each semester and year .
Find the number of courses in each semester and year . Which had the most ?
Find the number of courses in each semester and year . Which had the most ? What is the year and semester with the most courses?
How many students are in each department ?
How many students are in each department ? What is the name of the department with the most ?
How many students are in each department ? What is the name of the department with the most ? What is the name of the deparment with the highest enrollment?
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? Count this by department .
How many students are there ? Count this by department . How many students are in each department?
How many students were taking classes in each semester and year ?
How many students were taking classes in each semester and year ? Which one had the fewest ?
How many students were taking classes in each semester and year ? Which one had the fewest ? Which semeseter and year had the fewest students?
What are the ids of all instructors who are advisors ?
What are the ids of all instructors who are advisors ? Of these , which advise students in the History department ?
What are the ids of all instructors who are advisors ? Of these , which advise students in the History department ? Give id of the instructor who advises students in the History department.
What are the ids of all instructors who are advisors ?
What are the ids of all instructors who are advisors ? Of these , which advise students in the History department ?
What are the ids of all instructors who are advisors ? Of these , which advise students in the History department ? What are their names and salaries ?
What are the ids of all instructors who are advisors ? Of these , which advise students in the History department ? What are their names and salaries ? What are the names and salaries of instructors who advises students in the History department?
What are the ids of courses with prerequisites ?
What are the ids of courses with prerequisites ? What are the ids of all other courses ?
What are the ids of courses with prerequisites ? What are the ids of all other courses ? What are the ids of courses without prerequisites?
What are the ids of courses with prerequisites ?
What are the ids of courses with prerequisites ? What are the titles of all other courses ?
What are the ids of courses with prerequisites ? What are the titles of all other courses ? What are the names of courses without prerequisites?
What are the ids of all prerequisites ?
What are the ids of all prerequisites ? What is the id of the prerequisite for International Finance ?
What are the ids of all prerequisites ? What is the id of the prerequisite for International Finance ? What is its title ?
What are the ids of all prerequisites ? What is the id of the prerequisite for International Finance ? What is its title ? Give the title of the prerequisite to the course International Finance.
What are the ids of all the prerequisites ?
What are the ids of all the prerequisites ? What is the id of the course for which Differential Geometry is a prerequisite ?
What are the ids of all the prerequisites ? What is the id of the course for which Differential Geometry is a prerequisite ? What is its title ?
What are the ids of all the prerequisites ? What is the id of the course for which Differential Geometry is a prerequisite ? What is its title ? What is the title of the course with Differential Geometry as a prerequisite?
What are the ids of students who took courses in the Fall of 2003 ?
What are the ids of students who took courses in the Fall of 2003 ? What are their names ?
What are the ids of students who took courses in the Fall of 2003 ? What are their names ? What are the names of students who took a course in the Fall of 2003?
What are the titles of courses offered in the Fall of 2010 ?
What are the titles of courses offered in the Fall of 2010 ? Of these , which were offered in Chandler building ?
What are the titles of courses offered in the Fall of 2010 ? Of these , which were offered in Chandler building ? Give the title of the course offered in Chandler during the Fall of 2010.
What are the names of all instructors ?
What are the names of all instructors ? Of those , which have taught a C Programming course ?
What are the names of all instructors ? Of those , which have taught a C Programming course ? What are the names of instructors who have taught C Programming courses?
What are the ids of all advisors ?
What are the ids of all advisors ? What are the ids of advisors who advise students in the Math department ?
What are the ids of all advisors ? What are the ids of advisors who advise students in the Math department ? What are their names and salaries ?
What are the ids of all advisors ? What are the ids of advisors who advise students in the Math department ? What are their names and salaries ? What are the names and salaries of instructors who advise students in the Math department?
What are the ids of advisors who advise students in the Math department ?
What are the ids of advisors who advise students in the Math department ? What are their names ?
What are the ids of advisors who advise students in the Math department ? What are their names ? Order this by the students ' total credits .
What are the ids of advisors who advise students in the Math department ? What are their names ? Order this by the students ' total credits . What are the names of all instructors who advise students in the math depart sorted by total credits of the student.
What are all the ids of the prerequisite classes ?
What are all the ids of the prerequisite classes ? Of these , which is the prerequisite for Mobile Computing ?
What are all the ids of the prerequisite classes ? Of these , which is the prerequisite for Mobile Computing ? What is its title ?
What are all the ids of the prerequisite classes ? Of these , which is the prerequisite for Mobile Computing ? What is its title ? What is the title of the course that is a prerequisite for Mobile Computing?
What are names of instructors who advise students ?
What are names of instructors who advise students ? Of these , which one instructs the students with the most total credits ?
What are names of instructors who advise students ? Of these , which one instructs the students with the most total credits ? What is the name of the instructor who advises the student with the greatest number of total credits?
What are the ids of instructors who taught courses ?
What are the ids of instructors who taught courses ? What are the ids of all other instructors ?
What are the ids of instructors who taught courses ? What are the ids of all other instructors ? What are their names ?
What are the ids of instructors who taught courses ? What are the ids of all other instructors ? What are their names ? What are the names of instructors who didn't teach?
What are the ids of instructors who taught courses ?
What are the ids of instructors who taught courses ? What are the ids of all other instructors ?
What are the ids of instructors who taught courses ? What are the ids of all other instructors ? What are the ids of instructors who didnt' teach?
What are the ids of teachers who taught in the Spring ?
What are the ids of teachers who taught in the Spring ? What are the ids of all other instructors ?
What are the ids of teachers who taught in the Spring ? What are the ids of all other instructors ? What are the corresponding instructor names ?
What are the ids of teachers who taught in the Spring ? What are the ids of all other instructors ? What are the corresponding instructor names ? What are the names of instructors who didn't teach courses in the Spring?
What are the average instructor salaries for each department ?
What are the average instructor salaries for each department ? Which department has the highest ?
What are the average instructor salaries for each department ? Which department has the highest ? Which department has the highest average instructor salary?
Order the departments by decreasing budget .
Order the departments by decreasing budget . How many instructors are in the department with the highest budget ?
Order the departments by decreasing budget . How many instructors are in the department with the highest budget ? Also , what is the average salary of those instructors ?
Order the departments by decreasing budget . How many instructors are in the department with the highest budget ? Also , what is the average salary of those instructors ? How many instructors are in the department with the highest budget, and what is their average salary?
What is the maximum capacity of any classroom ?
What is the maximum capacity of any classroom ? What is the title of the course which is taught there ?
What is the maximum capacity of any classroom ? What is the title of the course which is taught there ? Also , what credits value does that course have ?
What is the maximum capacity of any classroom ? What is the title of the course which is taught there ? Also , what credits value does that course have ? Give the title and credits for the course that is taught in the classroom with the greatest capacity.
Which students have taken Biology courses ?
Which students have taken Biology courses ? What are the names of all students who did not take that class ?
Which students have taken Biology courses ? What are the names of all students who did not take that class ? What are the names of students who haven't taken any Biology courses?
Find the total number of students .
Find the total number of students . Now , find the number by department .
Find the total number of students . Now , find the number by department . Also , find the number of instructors in each department .
Find the total number of students . Now , find the number by department . Also , find the number of instructors in each department . How many students and instructors are in each department?
What is the id of the prerequisite of International Finance ?
What is the id of the prerequisite of International Finance ? What are the ids of students who have taken this course ?
What is the id of the prerequisite of International Finance ? What are the ids of students who have taken this course ? What are their names ?
What is the id of the prerequisite of International Finance ? What are the ids of students who have taken this course ? What are their names ? What are the names of students who have taken the prerequisite for the course International Finance?
What is the average salary of instructors in the Physics department ?
What is the average salary of instructors in the Physics department ? What are the names of the instructors who earn more than that ?
What is the average salary of instructors in the Physics department ? What are the names of the instructors who earn more than that ? Also , what are their salaries ?
What is the average salary of instructors in the Physics department ? What are the names of the instructors who earn more than that ? Also , what are their salaries ? What are the names and salaries for instructors who earn less than the average salary of instructors in the Physics department?
What is all the information about the Statistics courses ?
What is all the information about the Statistics courses ? What are the names of students who have taken courses in the Statistics department ?
What is all the information about the Statistics courses ? What are the names of students who have taken courses in the Statistics department ? What are the names of students who have taken Statistics courses?
What is all the information about the courses in the Psychology department , ordered by title ?
What is all the information about the courses in the Psychology department , ordered by title ? What are the building , room number , semester and year corresponding to these courses ?
What is all the information about the courses in the Psychology department , ordered by title ? What are the building , room number , semester and year corresponding to these courses ? What are the building, room number, semester and year of courses in the Psychology department, sorted using course title?
What are the names of all the instructors ?
What are the names of all the instructors ? Of those , which are in the Comp . Sci . department ?
What are the names of all the instructors ? Of those , which are in the Comp . Sci . department ? What are the names of all instructors in the Comp. Sci. department?
What are the names of all instructors who earn more than 80000 ?
What are the names of all instructors who earn more than 80000 ? Of those , which are in the Comp . Sci . department ?
What are the names of all instructors who earn more than 80000 ? Of those , which are in the Comp . Sci . department ? What are the names of the instructors in the Comp. Sci. department who earn more than 80000?
What are all the names of teachers who have taught a course ?
What are all the names of teachers who have taught a course ? Also , what were the course ids ?
What are all the names of teachers who have taught a course ? Also , what were the course ids ? What are the names of all instructors who have taught a course, as well as the corresponding course id?
What are all the names of teachers who have taught a course , and what were the course ids ?
What are all the names of teachers who have taught a course , and what were the course ids ? Of these , which were in the Art department ?
What are all the names of teachers who have taught a course , and what were the course ids ? Of these , which were in the Art department ? What are the names of Art instructors who have taught a course, and the corresponding course id?
What are the names of all instructors ?
What are the names of all instructors ? Of these , which include the substring `` dar '' ?
What are the names of all instructors ? Of these , which include the substring `` dar '' ? What are the names of all instructors with names that include "dar"?
What are the distinct names of all instructors ?
What are the distinct names of all instructors ? Sort this in alphabetical order .
What are the distinct names of all instructors ? Sort this in alphabetical order . List the distinct names of the instructors, ordered by name.
What are the ids for courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ?
What are the ids for courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ? Also include the ids for courses offered in the Spring of 2010 .
What are the ids for courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ? Also include the ids for courses offered in the Spring of 2010 . What are the ids for courses in the Fall of 2009 or the Spring of 2010?
What are the ids for courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ?
What are the ids for courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ? Of these , which were also offered in the Spring of 2010 ?
What are the ids for courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ? Of these , which were also offered in the Spring of 2010 ? What are the ids for courses that were offered in both Fall of 2009 and Spring of 2010?
What are the ids of courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ?
What are the ids of courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ? Of these , which were not offered in the Spring of 2010 ?
What are the ids of courses offered in the Fall of 2009 ? Of these , which were not offered in the Spring of 2010 ? What are the ids of courses offered in Fall of 2009 but not in Spring of 2010?
What was the largest salary across instructors ?
What was the largest salary across instructors ? What were all the other distinct salaries ?
What was the largest salary across instructors ? What were all the other distinct salaries ? What are the distinct salaries of all instructors who earned less than the maximum salary?
What are the distinct ids of instructors teaching in the Spring of 2010 ?
What are the distinct ids of instructors teaching in the Spring of 2010 ? How many are there ?
What are the distinct ids of instructors teaching in the Spring of 2010 ? How many are there ? How many instructors teach a course in the Spring of 2010?
What are the names of departments that have average salaries higher than 42000 ?
What are the names of departments that have average salaries higher than 42000 ? Also , what are their average salaries ?
What are the names of departments that have average salaries higher than 42000 ? Also , what are their average salaries ? What are the names and average salaries for departments with average salary higher than 42000?
What is the lowest salary of instructors in the Biology department ?
What is the lowest salary of instructors in the Biology department ? What are the ids of instructors who earn more than that ?
What is the lowest salary of instructors in the Biology department ? What are the ids of instructors who earn more than that ? What are their names ?
What is the lowest salary of instructors in the Biology department ? What are the ids of instructors who earn more than that ? What are their names ? What are the names of instructors who earn more than at least one instructor from the Biology department?
What is the highest salary of instructors in the Biology department ?
What is the highest salary of instructors in the Biology department ? What are the names of instructors who earn more than this ?
What is the highest salary of instructors in the Biology department ? What are the names of instructors who earn more than this ? What are the names of all instructors with a higher salary than any of the instructors in the Biology department?
What are the codes of the accounting department ?
What are the codes of the accounting department ? Which professors are in that department ?
What are the codes of the accounting department ? Which professors are in that department ? How many are there ?
What are the codes of the accounting department ? Which professors are in that department ? How many are there ? How many professors are in the accounting dept?
What can you tell me about the class with code `` ACCT-211 '' ?
What can you tell me about the class with code `` ACCT-211 '' ? How many different professors teach that class ?
What can you tell me about the class with code `` ACCT-211 '' ? How many different professors teach that class ? How many professors teach a class with the code ACCT-211?
What can you tell me about the biology department ?
What can you tell me about the biology department ? What are the first name of all professors in the department ?
What can you tell me about the biology department ? What are the first name of all professors in the department ? What are their last names as well ?
What can you tell me about the biology department ? What are the first name of all professors in the department ? What are their last names as well ? What are the first and last name of all biology professors?
Which professors are in charge of ACCT-211 ?
Which professors are in charge of ACCT-211 ? What are their first names ?
Which professors are in charge of ACCT-211 ? What are their first names ? Also , what are their date of births ?
Which professors are in charge of ACCT-211 ? What are their first names ? Also , what are their date of births ? What are the first names and birthdates of the professors in charge of ACCT-211?
Give all details about the professor with the last name Graztevski ?
Give all details about the professor with the last name Graztevski ? Which classes does he teach ? Return the class code .
Give all details about the professor with the last name Graztevski ? Which classes does he teach ? Return the class code . How many classes does he teach ?
Give all details about the professor with the last name Graztevski ? Which classes does he teach ? Return the class code . How many classes does he teach ? How many classes does the professor whose last name is Graztevski teach?
Find all info about the accounting department ?
Find all info about the accounting department ? What is its school code ?
Find all info about the accounting department ? What is its school code ? What is the school code of the accounting department?
How many credits does each course have ?
How many credits does each course have ? How many does CIS-220 have ?
How many credits does each course have ? How many does CIS-220 have ? What is its description ?
How many credits does each course have ? How many does CIS-220 have ? What is its description ? What is the description for the CIS-220 and how many credits does it have?
List addresses of all departments .
List addresses of all departments . What is one for the history department ?
List addresses of all departments . What is one for the history department ? Where is the history department?
What are the names of departments in the school with the code BUS ?
What are the names of departments in the school with the code BUS ? What are different addresses of the school ?
What are the names of departments in the school with the code BUS ? What are different addresses of the school ? How many of them are there ?
What are the names of departments in the school with the code BUS ? What are different addresses of the school ? How many of them are there ? What are the different locations of the school with the code BUS?
How many different shools are there ?
How many different shools are there ? How many different addresses does each one have ?
How many different shools are there ? How many different addresses does each one have ? Count different addresses of each school.
Return all info about all courses .
Return all info about all courses . How many credits is the course QM-261 worth ?
Return all info about all courses . How many credits is the course QM-261 worth ? WHat is its description ?
Return all info about all courses . How many credits is the course QM-261 worth ? WHat is its description ? What is the course description and number of credits for QM-261?
What are the different school codes ?
What are the different school codes ? For each one , how many different departments does it have ?
What are the different school codes ? For each one , how many different departments does it have ? How many departments are in each school?
What are the different schools ?
What are the different schools ? How many departments does each one of them have ?
What are the different schools ? How many departments does each one of them have ? Find the ones which have less than 5 deparments .
What are the different schools ? How many departments does each one of them have ? Find the ones which have less than 5 deparments . How many different departments are there in each school that has less than 5 apartments?
What are the different course codes ?
What are the different course codes ? How many sections exist for each one ?
What are the different course codes ? How many sections exist for each one ? How many sections does each course have?
What is the total credits of all courses ?
What is the total credits of all courses ? Give the number for each department .
What is the total credits of all courses ? Give the number for each department . How many credits does the department offer?
For each classroom , how many the classes held there ?
For each classroom , how many the classes held there ? How many are there for each classroom with at least 2 classes ?
For each classroom , how many the classes held there ? How many are there for each classroom with at least 2 classes ? For each classroom with at least 2 classes, how many classes are offered?
How many classes are offered ?
How many classes are offered ? return the number for each department .
How many classes are offered ? return the number for each department . How many classes are held in each department?
What are the different school codes ?
What are the different school codes ? How many classes are there for each of them ?
What are the different school codes ? How many classes are there for each of them ? How many classes exist for each school?
How many professors are there ?
How many professors are there ? How many of them are there for each school ?
How many professors are there ? How many of them are there for each school ? How many different professors are there for the different schools?
For each job code , how many employees are there ?
For each job code , how many employees are there ? Which one has the most ?
For each job code , how many employees are there ? Which one has the most ? What is the count and code of the job with the most employee?
What are the different school codes ?
What are the different school codes ? For each one , how many professors does it have ?
What are the different school codes ? For each one , how many professors does it have ? Which one has the most ?
What are the different school codes ? For each one , how many professors does it have ? Which one has the most ? Which school has the fewest professors?
How many professors do have a Ph.D. ?
How many professors do have a Ph.D. ? Count the number of these professors for each department .
How many professors do have a Ph.D. ? Count the number of these professors for each department . How many professors have a Ph.D. in each department?
What are all students ?
What are all students ? How many of them ?
What are all students ? How many of them ? How many are there in each department ?
What are all students ? How many of them ? How many are there in each department ? How many students are in each department?
For each department , how many students does it have ?
For each department , how many students does it have ? For each department , what is the total hours worked by those students ?
For each department , how many students does it have ? For each department , what is the total hours worked by those students ? How many hours do the students spend studying in each department?
what are the student GPAs ?
what are the student GPAs ? What is average for each department ?
what are the student GPAs ? What is average for each department ? Also , find the highest and lowest pga ?
what are the student GPAs ? What is average for each department ? Also , find the highest and lowest pga ? What is the highest, lowest, and average student GPA for every department?
What is the average GPA of all students ?
What is the average GPA of all students ? How about the average GPA of students in each department ?
What is the average GPA of all students ? How about the average GPA of students in each department ? Also , find the corresponding name of each department ?
What is the average GPA of all students ? How about the average GPA of students in each department ? Also , find the corresponding name of each department ? Which one has the highest average GPA ?
What is the average GPA of all students ? How about the average GPA of students in each department ? Also , find the corresponding name of each department ? Which one has the highest average GPA ? Which department has the highest average student GPA, and what is the average gpa?
What are the school codes ?
What are the school codes ? Remove any repeating ones .
What are the school codes ? Remove any repeating ones . How many are there ?
What are the school codes ? Remove any repeating ones . How many are there ? How many schools are there in the department?
What are the different class codes ?
What are the different class codes ? How many of them are there ?
What are the different class codes ? How many of them are there ? How many unique classes are offered?
What are the course codes ?
What are the course codes ? What are the unique ones ?
What are the course codes ? What are the unique ones ? How many are there ?
What are the course codes ? What are the unique ones ? How many are there ? What are the number of different course codes?
What are the different department names ?
What are the different department names ? How many does it offer ?
What are the different department names ? How many does it offer ? How many different departments are there?
What can you tell me about the Computer Info . Systems department ?
What can you tell me about the Computer Info . Systems department ? What courses does it offer ?
What can you tell me about the Computer Info . Systems department ? What courses does it offer ? How many courses is that ?
What can you tell me about the Computer Info . Systems department ? What courses does it offer ? How many courses is that ? How many courses does the department of Computer Information Systmes offer?
What are the different class sections ?
What are the different class sections ? What about for the course ACCT-211 ?
What are the different class sections ? What about for the course ACCT-211 ? How many different ones does it offer ?
What are the different class sections ? What about for the course ACCT-211 ? How many different ones does it offer ? What is the number of different class sections offered in the course ACCT-211?
List codes of all courses and their credits .
List codes of all courses and their credits . What is the total number of credits for each department ?
List codes of all courses and their credits . What is the total number of credits for each department ? What are the total number of credits offered by each department?
how many total course credits does each department offer ?
how many total course credits does each department offer ? Find the department that offers the most number of credits of classes ?
how many total course credits does each department offer ? Find the department that offers the most number of credits of classes ? What is the name of that department ?
how many total course credits does each department offer ? Find the department that offers the most number of credits of classes ? What is the name of that department ? Which department offers the most credits all together?
Can you tell me about course ACCT-211 ?
Can you tell me about course ACCT-211 ? How many students are enrolled in this class ?
Can you tell me about course ACCT-211 ? How many students are enrolled in this class ? What are the total number of students enrolled in ACCT-211?
Can you tell me about course ACCT-211 ?
Can you tell me about course ACCT-211 ? How many students are enrolled in this class ?
Can you tell me about course ACCT-211 ? How many students are enrolled in this class ? What are their corresponding first names ?
Can you tell me about course ACCT-211 ? How many students are enrolled in this class ? What are their corresponding first names ? What are the first names of all students in course ACCT-211?
Which students were enrollment in the course ACCT-211 ?
Which students were enrollment in the course ACCT-211 ? Which of those received C 's as grades ?
Which students were enrollment in the course ACCT-211 ? Which of those received C 's as grades ? What are their first names ?
Which students were enrollment in the course ACCT-211 ? Which of those received C 's as grades ? What are their first names ? What are the first names of all students who took ACCT-211 and received a C?
Tell me everything about the employees .
Tell me everything about the employees . How many of them are there ?
Tell me everything about the employees . How many of them are there ? How many employees are there all together?
Who are all professors ?
Who are all professors ? What about those who have a Ph.D. degree .
Who are all professors ? What about those who have a Ph.D. degree . How many of them are there ?
Who are all professors ? What about those who have a Ph.D. degree . How many of them are there ? What is the total number of professors with a Ph.D. ?
Find the all info about the accounting department .
Find the all info about the accounting department . Which classes are taught the department ?
Find the all info about the accounting department . Which classes are taught the department ? How many students are enrolled in those classes ?
Find the all info about the accounting department . Which classes are taught the department ? How many students are enrolled in those classes ? How many students are enrolled in some classes that are taught by an accounting professor?
Find number of students enrolled in some classes offered by each department .
Find number of students enrolled in some classes offered by each department . Which department has the most number of students enrolled ?
Find number of students enrolled in some classes offered by each department . Which department has the most number of students enrolled ? What is the corresponding department name ?
Find number of students enrolled in some classes offered by each department . Which department has the most number of students enrolled ? What is the corresponding department name ? What is the name of the department with the most students enrolled?
What are the names of each department ?
What are the names of each department ? Order them alphabetically .
What are the names of each department ? Order them alphabetically . What are the names of all departments in alphabetical order?
Tell me about all classes .
Tell me about all classes . Which of those take place in room KLR209 ?
Tell me about all classes . Which of those take place in room KLR209 ? What are their codes ?
Tell me about all classes . Which of those take place in room KLR209 ? What are their codes ? What are the codes of all the courses that are located in room KLR209?
Order the employee information by date of birth .
Order the employee information by date of birth . Which of these employees have jobs as professors ?
Order the employee information by date of birth . Which of these employees have jobs as professors ? What are their first names ?
Order the employee information by date of birth . Which of these employees have jobs as professors ? What are their first names ? What are the first names of all employees that are professors ordered by date of birth?
Order the employees alphabetically by first name
Order the employees alphabetically by first name Which of those are professors ?
Order the employees alphabetically by first name Which of those are professors ? What are their first names and office locations ?
Order the employees alphabetically by first name Which of those are professors ? What are their first names and office locations ? What are the first names and office locations for all professors sorted alphabetically by first name?
What are the employees ' first names ?
What are the employees ' first names ? Also , what are their last names ?
What are the employees ' first names ? Also , what are their last names ? Which of those refer to the oldest employee ?
What are the employees ' first names ? Also , what are their last names ? Which of those refer to the oldest employee ? What are the first and last names of the employee with the earliest date of birth?
List all information on students with a higher GPA than 3
List all information on students with a higher GPA than 3 What information is for the youngest student ?
List all information on students with a higher GPA than 3 What information is for the youngest student ? What are their first name , last name , and GPA ?
List all information on students with a higher GPA than 3 What information is for the youngest student ? What are their first name , last name , and GPA ? What is the first and last name of the youngest student with a GPA above 3, and what is their GPA?
What are the student ids of all students who received an enrollment grade of C ?
What are the student ids of all students who received an enrollment grade of C ? What are the first names that correspond to each student id ?
What are the student ids of all students who received an enrollment grade of C ? What are the first names that correspond to each student id ? What is a list of distinct first names ?
What are the student ids of all students who received an enrollment grade of C ? What are the first names that correspond to each student id ? What is a list of distinct first names ? What are the first names of all students who got a grade C in a class?
For each department , what is the corresponding number of professors ?
For each department , what is the corresponding number of professors ? For the department with the fewest professors , what is its name and code ?
For each department , what is the corresponding number of professors ? For the department with the fewest professors , what is its name and code ? What is the name of the department with the fewest professors?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. degree ?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. degree ? How many of those professors are in each department ?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. degree ? How many of those professors are in each department ? Find the code of the department that has the most of them .
Which professors do have a Ph.D. degree ? How many of those professors are in each department ? Find the code of the department that has the most of them . What is the name of that department ?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. degree ? How many of those professors are in each department ? Find the code of the department that has the most of them . What is the name of that department ? Which department has the most professors with a Ph.D.?
What is the first names of employees whose job code is PROF ?
What is the first names of employees whose job code is PROF ? Which of them are not teaching any class ?
What is the first names of employees whose job code is PROF ? Which of them are not teaching any class ? What are the first names of all professors not teaching any classes?
What are the first names of all employees who are teaching classes ?
What are the first names of all employees who are teaching classes ? Please list the first names of all other professors .
What are the first names of all employees who are teaching classes ? Please list the first names of all other professors . Which of these refer to teachers in the history department ?
What are the first names of all employees who are teaching classes ? Please list the first names of all other professors . Which of these refer to teachers in the history department ? What are the first names of all history professors who do not teach?
What is all the information about the history department ?
What is all the information about the history department ? What are the names of professors in this department ?
What is all the information about the history department ? What are the names of professors in this department ? Also , where are their offices located ?
What is all the information about the history department ? What are the names of professors in this department ? Also , where are their offices located ? What are the last name and office of all history professors?
Find me all employees with the last name 'Heffington ' ?
Find me all employees with the last name 'Heffington ' ? What are the names of their departments ?
Find me all employees with the last name 'Heffington ' ? What are the names of their departments ? Also , where are their offices located ?
Find me all employees with the last name 'Heffington ' ? What are the names of their departments ? Also , where are their offices located ? What is the name of the department and office location for the professor with the last name of Heffington?
Find the professors whose office is located in room DRE 102 ?
Find the professors whose office is located in room DRE 102 ? What are their last names ?
Find the professors whose office is located in room DRE 102 ? What are their last names ? When were they hired ?
Find the professors whose office is located in room DRE 102 ? What are their last names ? When were they hired ? What is the last name of the professor whose office is located in DRE 102, and when were they hired?
Find all information on students .
Find all information on students . Which of that information refers to people with the last name Smithson ?
Find all information on students . Which of that information refers to people with the last name Smithson ? What are the codes of the courses they took ?
Find all information on students . Which of that information refers to people with the last name Smithson ? What are the codes of the courses they took ? What are the course codes for every class that the student with the last name Smithson took?
What are the course descriptions ?
What are the course descriptions ? Also , show credits .
What are the course descriptions ? Also , show credits . Which of the above refer to courses that a student with the last name 'Smithson ' took ?
What are the course descriptions ? Also , show credits . Which of the above refer to courses that a student with the last name 'Smithson ' took ? How many credits is the course that the student with the last name Smithson took, and what is its description?
What information do you have on professors who got a Ph.D. ?
What information do you have on professors who got a Ph.D. ? Also , combine that with information you have on professors with a Masters ?
What information do you have on professors who got a Ph.D. ? Also , combine that with information you have on professors with a Masters ? How many are there in total ?
What information do you have on professors who got a Ph.D. ? Also , combine that with information you have on professors with a Masters ? How many are there in total ? How many professors attained either Ph.D. or Masters degrees?
What information do you have on professors in the Accounting department ?
What information do you have on professors in the Accounting department ? Also , what do you have on professors in the Biology department ?
What information do you have on professors in the Accounting department ? Also , what do you have on professors in the Biology department ? How many of them are there ?
What information do you have on professors in the Accounting department ? Also , what do you have on professors in the Biology department ? How many of them are there ? What is the number of professors who are in the Accounting or Biology departments?
What are the first names of all professors teaching CIS-220 ?
What are the first names of all professors teaching CIS-220 ? What are the first names of all professors teaching QM-261 ?
What are the first names of all professors teaching CIS-220 ? What are the first names of all professors teaching QM-261 ? Who is teaching both ?
What are the first names of all professors teaching CIS-220 ? What are the first names of all professors teaching QM-261 ? Who is teaching both ? What is the first name of the professor who is teaching CIS-220 and QM-261?
What are the first names of all students taking some classes from the Accounting department ?
What are the first names of all students taking some classes from the Accounting department ? Of those , who also took some classes from the Computer Information Systems department ?
What are the first names of all students taking some classes from the Accounting department ? Of those , who also took some classes from the Computer Information Systems department ? What are the first names of all students taking accoutning and Computer Information Systems classes?
What are all the student GPAs ?
What are all the student GPAs ? Which of those are for students taking course ACCT-211 ?
What are all the student GPAs ? Which of those are for students taking course ACCT-211 ? What is their average GPA ?
What are all the student GPAs ? Which of those are for students taking course ACCT-211 ? What is their average GPA ? What is the average GPA of students taking ACCT-211?
What is the GPA , phone number , and first name for all students ?
What is the GPA , phone number , and first name for all students ? Order this information from highest GPA to lowest .
What is the GPA , phone number , and first name for all students ? Order this information from highest GPA to lowest . What is the information for the top 5 GPAs ?
What is the GPA , phone number , and first name for all students ? Order this information from highest GPA to lowest . What is the information for the top 5 GPAs ? What is the first name, GPA, and phone number of the students with the top 5 GPAs?
Who is the student with lowest gpa ?
Who is the student with lowest gpa ? What is the department name for the student ?
Who is the student with lowest gpa ? What is the department name for the student ? What is the name of the department with the student that has the lowest GPA?
What is the average student GPA ?
What is the average student GPA ? Find students with a GPA less than that ?
What is the average student GPA ? Find students with a GPA less than that ? What are their first names and GPAs ?
What is the average student GPA ? Find students with a GPA less than that ? What are their first names and GPAs ? What is the first name and GPA of every student that has a GPA lower than average?
What is the number of students in each department ?
What is the number of students in each department ? Which one has the most students ?
What is the number of students in each department ? Which one has the most students ? What is that department 's name and address ?
What is the number of students in each department ? Which one has the most students ? What is that department 's name and address ? What is the name and address of the department with the most students?
What are the names and address for each department ?
What are the names and address for each department ? Also , how many students are in each department ?
What are the names and address for each department ? Also , how many students are in each department ? Which of that information refers to the top 3 departments ordered by number of students ?
What are the names and address for each department ? Also , how many students are in each department ? Which of that information refers to the top 3 departments ordered by number of students ? What is the name, address, and number of students in the departments that have the 3 most students?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. ?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. ? Also , which of these are in the history department ?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. ? Also , which of these are in the history department ? What are their first names and location of their offices ?
Which professors do have a Ph.D. ? Also , which of these are in the history department ? What are their first names and location of their offices ? What are the first names and office of the professors who are in the history department and have a Ph.D?
What are the first names of all employees ?
What are the first names of all employees ? who are teaching some courses ?
What are the first names of all employees ? who are teaching some courses ? Also , what courses do they teach ?
What are the first names of all employees ? who are teaching some courses ? Also , what courses do they teach ? What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding course codes?
Find all employees who taught a course ?
Find all employees who taught a course ? What are their first names ?
Find all employees who taught a course ? What are their first names ? Also , what are the course descriptions of their classes ?
Find all employees who taught a course ? What are their first names ? Also , what are the course descriptions of their classes ? What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding descriptions?
Which employees have taught some course ?
Which employees have taught some course ? What are these courses ' descriptions ?
Which employees have taught some course ? What are these courses ' descriptions ? Also , what are their office locations and the professors ' first names ?
Which employees have taught some course ? What are these courses ' descriptions ? Also , what are their office locations and the professors ' first names ? What are the first names, office locations of all lecturers who have taught some course?
Tell me all information on lecturers who have taught a course .
Tell me all information on lecturers who have taught a course . What are the corresponding course descriptions ?
Tell me all information on lecturers who have taught a course . What are the corresponding course descriptions ? Also , what are those professors ' first names , office locations , and department name ?
Tell me all information on lecturers who have taught a course . What are the corresponding course descriptions ? Also , what are those professors ' first names , office locations , and department name ? What are the first names, office locations, and departments of all instructors, and also what are the descriptions of the courses they teach?
What information is there on students who are taking a class ?
What information is there on students who are taking a class ? What are their first and last names ?
What information is there on students who are taking a class ? What are their first and last names ? Also , what are the descriptions for the courses they are taking ?
What information is there on students who are taking a class ? What are their first and last names ? Also , what are the descriptions for the courses they are taking ? What are the names of all students who took a class and the corresponding course descriptions?
Which students did receive an A in any courses ?
Which students did receive an A in any courses ? Who of them also received a C in any courses ?
Which students did receive an A in any courses ? Who of them also received a C in any courses ? What are their ' first names and last names ?
Which students did receive an A in any courses ? Who of them also received a C in any courses ? What are their ' first names and last names ? What are the names of all students taking a course who received an A or C?
What are the first names of all professors who are teaching any classes ?
What are the first names of all professors who are teaching any classes ? Which of them are from the Accounting department ?
What are the first names of all professors who are teaching any classes ? Which of them are from the Accounting department ? Also , what classrooms do they teach in ?
What are the first names of all professors who are teaching any classes ? Which of them are from the Accounting department ? Also , what classrooms do they teach in ? What are the first names of all Accounting professors who teach and what are the classrooms of the courses they teach?
Which professors are teaching some classes ?
Which professors are teaching some classes ? Which of them are from the Computer Information Systems department ?
Which professors are teaching some classes ? Which of them are from the Computer Information Systems department ? What are their first names and highest degrees ?
Which professors are teaching some classes ? Which of them are from the Computer Information Systems department ? What are their first names and highest degrees ? What are the different first names and highest degree attained for professors teaching in the Computer Information Systems department?
What are the last names of all students ?
What are the last names of all students ? Which of those refer to students who received a grade of A in some classes ?
What are the last names of all students ? Which of those refer to students who received a grade of A in some classes ? Of those , who is enrolled in 10018 ?
What are the last names of all students ? Which of those refer to students who received a grade of A in some classes ? Of those , who is enrolled in 10018 ? What is the last name of the student who received an A in the class with the code 10018?
What are the first names of all professors ?
What are the first names of all professors ? Which of those are in the History department ?
What are the first names of all professors ? Which of those are in the History department ? Of those , who does not have a Ph.D. ?
What are the first names of all professors ? Which of those are in the History department ? Of those , who does not have a Ph.D. ? What are the first names and offices of history professors who don't have Ph.D.s?
Find the first names of all professors ?
Find the first names of all professors ? Which of those teach more than one class ?
Find the first names of all professors ? Which of those teach more than one class ? What are the first names of all professors who teach more than one class?
How many courses is each student enrolled in ?
How many courses is each student enrolled in ? Which students are enrolled in only one ?
How many courses is each student enrolled in ? Which students are enrolled in only one ? What are their first names ?
How many courses is each student enrolled in ? Which students are enrolled in only one ? What are their first names ? What are the first names of student who only took one course?
Which courses have a description including the word `` Statistics '' ?
Which courses have a description including the word `` Statistics '' ? What is the name of the departments those courses are in ?
Which courses have a description including the word `` Statistics '' ? What is the name of the departments those courses are in ? What is the name of the department that offers a course that has a description including the word "Statistics"?
What information is on students whose name starts with 'S ' ?
What information is on students whose name starts with 'S ' ? Which of them took course ACCT-211 ?
What information is on students whose name starts with 'S ' ? Which of them took course ACCT-211 ? What are their first names ?
What information is on students whose name starts with 'S ' ? Which of them took course ACCT-211 ? What are their first names ? What is the first name of the student whose last name starts with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211?
Find all the modern rooms .
Find all the modern rooms . Of those , which have a base price lower than $ 160 and two beds ? Return the room names .
Find all the modern rooms . Of those , which have a base price lower than $ 160 and two beds ? Return the room names . What are the names of modern rooms that have a base price lower than $160 and two beds.
Find all the rooms whose price is above 160 .
Find all the rooms whose price is above 160 . Of those , which rooms can accommodate more than two people ?
Find all the rooms whose price is above 160 . Of those , which rooms can accommodate more than two people ? Give me the name and id of those rooms .
Find all the rooms whose price is above 160 . Of those , which rooms can accommodate more than two people ? Give me the name and id of those rooms . What are the room names and ids of all the rooms that cost more than 160 and can accommodate more than two people.
How many reservations were made for each room ?
How many reservations were made for each room ? Which room has the largest number of reservations ?
How many reservations were made for each room ? Which room has the largest number of reservations ? Tell me the name of that room .
How many reservations were made for each room ? Which room has the largest number of reservations ? Tell me the name of that room . Which room has the largest number of reservations?
Find the reservations made by a person called ROY SWEAZ
Find the reservations made by a person called ROY SWEAZ How many kids stay in the rooms reserved by this person ?
Find the reservations made by a person called ROY SWEAZ How many kids stay in the rooms reserved by this person ? Find the number of kids staying in the rooms reserved by a person called ROY SWEAZ.
Find the reservations made by a person called ROY SWEAZ
Find the reservations made by a person called ROY SWEAZ Count the number of times ROY SWEAZY has made reservations .
Find the reservations made by a person called ROY SWEAZ Count the number of times ROY SWEAZY has made reservations . Find the number of times ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room.
Find the room with the highest rate .
Find the room with the highest rate . What are the name , rate , check in and check out date of this room ?
Find the room with the highest rate . What are the name , rate , check in and check out date of this room ? Return the name, rate, check in and check out date for the room with the highest rate.
Which reservations were made by CONRAD SELBIG ?
Which reservations were made by CONRAD SELBIG ? Which one has check in date Oct 23 , 2010 ?
Which reservations were made by CONRAD SELBIG ? Which one has check in date Oct 23 , 2010 ? Find the number of adults for this reservation .
Which reservations were made by CONRAD SELBIG ? Which one has check in date Oct 23 , 2010 ? Find the number of adults for this reservation . Find the number of adults for the room reserved and checked in by CONRAD SELBIG on Oct 23, 2010.
Which reservations were made by DAMIEN TRACHSEL ?
Which reservations were made by DAMIEN TRACHSEL ? Which one has check in date Sep 21 , 2010 ?
Which reservations were made by DAMIEN TRACHSEL ? Which one has check in date Sep 21 , 2010 ? Find the number of kids for this reservation .
Which reservations were made by DAMIEN TRACHSEL ? Which one has check in date Sep 21 , 2010 ? Find the number of kids for this reservation . Return the number of kids for the room reserved and checked in by DAMIEN TRACHSEL on  Sep 21, 2010.
Return all the rooms with king beds .
Return all the rooms with king beds . What is the total number of king beds ?
Return all the rooms with king beds . What is the total number of king beds ? Find the total number of king beds available.
Return all the rooms with king beds .
Return all the rooms with king beds . What are the names and decor of these rooms ?
Return all the rooms with king beds . What are the names and decor of these rooms ? Sort the list by the room base price .
Return all the rooms with king beds . What are the names and decor of these rooms ? Sort the list by the room base price . What are the names and decor of rooms with a king bed? Sort them by their price
What is the base price of each room ?
What is the base price of each room ? Order the rooms by their base price .
What is the base price of each room ? Order the rooms by their base price . Report the room name and base price of the cheapest room .
What is the base price of each room ? Order the rooms by their base price . Report the room name and base price of the cheapest room . What are the room name and base price of the room with the lowest base price?
Find the room with name `` Recluse and defiance '' .
Find the room with name `` Recluse and defiance '' . What is its decor ?
Find the room with name `` Recluse and defiance '' . What is its decor ? Return the decor of the room named "Recluse and defiance".
Group all the rooms by the bed type .
Group all the rooms by the bed type . For each bed type , find the average base price of different bed type .
Group all the rooms by the bed type . For each bed type , find the average base price of different bed type . For each bed type, find the average base price of different bed type.
For each modern room , find the maximum number of people who can stay in .
For each modern room , find the maximum number of people who can stay in . What is the total number of people who can stay in the modern rooms of this inn ?
For each modern room , find the maximum number of people who can stay in . What is the total number of people who can stay in the modern rooms of this inn ? How many people in total can stay in the modern rooms of this inn?
Find the decor of each room
Find the decor of each room For each type of decor , how many reservations were made ?
Find the decor of each room For each type of decor , how many reservations were made ? Which decor is the least popular ?
Find the decor of each room For each type of decor , how many reservations were made ? Which decor is the least popular ? What is the least popular kind of decor?
What is the maximum capacity of each room ?
What is the maximum capacity of each room ? What is the number of people who actually stayed for each room reservation ? The number of people include adults and kids .
What is the maximum capacity of each room ? What is the number of people who actually stayed for each room reservation ? The number of people include adults and kids . How many times the number reached the maximum capacity ?
What is the maximum capacity of each room ? What is the number of people who actually stayed for each room reservation ? The number of people include adults and kids . How many times the number reached the maximum capacity ? How many times the number of adults and kids staying in a room reached the maximum capacity of the room?
For each reservation , find the base price and the actual rate payed .
For each reservation , find the base price and the actual rate payed . How many times did the actual price exceeded the base price ?
For each reservation , find the base price and the actual rate payed . How many times did the actual price exceeded the base price ? What are the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms ' base prices ?
For each reservation , find the base price and the actual rate payed . How many times did the actual price exceeded the base price ? What are the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms ' base prices ? What are the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms' base prices?
List all the rooms .
List all the rooms . Count the number of rooms .
List all the rooms . Count the number of rooms . What is the total number of rooms available in this inn?
Return all the rooms with king beds .
Return all the rooms with king beds . What is the total number such rooms ?
Return all the rooms with king beds . What is the total number such rooms ? How many rooms have a king bed?
Group all the rooms by the bed type
Group all the rooms by the bed type For each bed type , count the number of rooms .
Group all the rooms by the bed type For each bed type , count the number of rooms . What are the number of rooms for each bed type?
Sort all the rooms by the maximum occupancy .
Sort all the rooms by the maximum occupancy . Which room has the largest capacity ?
Sort all the rooms by the maximum occupancy . Which room has the largest capacity ? Tell me the name of that room .
Sort all the rooms by the maximum occupancy . Which room has the largest capacity ? Tell me the name of that room . What is the name of the room that can accommodate the most people?
List all the rooms in the descending order of the base price .
List all the rooms in the descending order of the base price . Which room has the highest base price ?
List all the rooms in the descending order of the base price . Which room has the highest base price ? Give me the id and name of this room .
List all the rooms in the descending order of the base price . Which room has the highest base price ? Give me the id and name of this room . Which room has the highest base price?
Which rooms have traditional decor ?
Which rooms have traditional decor ? What are the name and bed type of those rooms ?
Which rooms have traditional decor ? What are the name and bed type of those rooms ? What are the bed type and name of all the rooms with traditional decor?
Which rooms have king beds ?
Which rooms have king beds ? Group all the rooms with king beds according to the decor type .
Which rooms have king beds ? Group all the rooms with king beds according to the decor type . Count the number of rooms for each decor type .
Which rooms have king beds ? Group all the rooms with king beds according to the decor type . Count the number of rooms for each decor type . How many rooms have king beds? Report the number for each decor type.
What is the average price of all the rooms ?
What is the average price of all the rooms ? What about the minimum price ?
What is the average price of all the rooms ? What about the minimum price ? Tell me the average and minimum price of the rooms for each different decor .
What is the average price of all the rooms ? What about the minimum price ? Tell me the average and minimum price of the rooms for each different decor . What is the average minimum and price of the rooms for each different decor.
Sort all the rooms according to the price
Sort all the rooms according to the price Just show the room names
Sort all the rooms according to the price Just show the room names Sort all the rooms according to the price. Just report the room names.
Show me all the rooms that cost more than 120 .
Show me all the rooms that cost more than 120 . How many rooms ?
Show me all the rooms that cost more than 120 . How many rooms ? Tell me how many rooms cost more than 120 , for each different decor .
Show me all the rooms that cost more than 120 . How many rooms ? Tell me how many rooms cost more than 120 , for each different decor . How many rooms cost more than 120, for each different decor?
Tell me the average price of rooms .
Tell me the average price of rooms . Report the average room price for each bed type .
Tell me the average price of rooms . Report the average room price for each bed type . What is the average base price of rooms, for each bed type?
Find all the rooms with a king bed .
Find all the rooms with a king bed . How about queen bed ?
Find all the rooms with a king bed . How about queen bed ? Return the names of rooms that have either of them .
Find all the rooms with a king bed . How about queen bed ? Return the names of rooms that have either of them . What are the names of rooms that have either king or queen bed?
Tell me the bed type for each room .
Tell me the bed type for each room . How many distinct types of beds are there ?
Tell me the bed type for each room . How many distinct types of beds are there ? Find the number of distinct bed types available in this inn.
Return a list of all the rooms sorted in the descending order of base prices .
Return a list of all the rooms sorted in the descending order of base prices . Return the top three .
Return a list of all the rooms sorted in the descending order of base prices . Return the top three . Just tell me the room id and name for these rooms .
Return a list of all the rooms sorted in the descending order of base prices . Return the top three . Just tell me the room id and name for these rooms . What are the name and id of the three highest priced rooms?
What is the average room price in this inn ?
What is the average room price in this inn ? Find all the rooms that cost more than that .
What is the average room price in this inn ? Find all the rooms that cost more than that . What are their room names ?
What is the average room price in this inn ? Find all the rooms that cost more than that . What are their room names ? What are the name of rooms that cost more than the average.
Find the ids of all the rooms that have been reserved before .
Find the ids of all the rooms that have been reserved before . Which rooms have not had any reservation yet ?
Find the ids of all the rooms that have been reserved before . Which rooms have not had any reservation yet ? How many are there ?
Find the ids of all the rooms that have been reserved before . Which rooms have not had any reservation yet ? How many are there ? How many rooms have not had any reservation yet?
Group all the reservation record by the rooms .
Group all the reservation record by the rooms . For each room , count how many times it was booked .
Group all the reservation record by the rooms . For each room , count how many times it was booked . Also report the name of each room .
Group all the reservation record by the rooms . For each room , count how many times it was booked . Also report the name of each room . For each room, find its name and the number of times reservations were made for it.
For each room , count how many times it was booked .
For each room , count how many times it was booked . Which rooms have been booked more than 60 times ?
For each room , count how many times it was booked . Which rooms have been booked more than 60 times ? Give me the names of the rooms .
For each room , count how many times it was booked . Which rooms have been booked more than 60 times ? Give me the names of the rooms . What are the names of rooms whose reservation frequency exceeds 60 times?
Which rooms ' base prices are between 120 and 150 ?
Which rooms ' base prices are between 120 and 150 ? Give me the names of these rooms .
Which rooms ' base prices are between 120 and 150 ? Give me the names of these rooms . Which rooms cost between 120 and 150? Give me the room names.
Find the reservations made by customers whose first name has `` ROY '' in part .
Find the reservations made by customers whose first name has `` ROY '' in part . What rooms were booked by these customers ?
Find the reservations made by customers whose first name has `` ROY '' in part . What rooms were booked by these customers ? What are the names of these rooms ?
Find the reservations made by customers whose first name has `` ROY '' in part . What rooms were booked by these customers ? What are the names of these rooms ? What are the name of rooms booked by customers whose first name has "ROY" in part?
What are the different allergies ?
What are the different allergies ? How many are there ?
What are the different allergies ? How many are there ? How many allergy entries are there?
What are the different types of allergies ?
What are the different types of allergies ? How many are there ?
What are the different types of allergies ? How many are there ? How many distinct allergies are there?
Show all allergy information .
Show all allergy information . What are the different allergy types ?
Show all allergy information . What are the different allergy types ? What are the different allergy types?
What are the allergies ?
What are the allergies ? What type is each one ?
What are the allergies ? What type is each one ? What are the allergies and their types?
What are all the different allergy names ?
What are all the different allergy names ? Which of those are food-related ?
What are all the different allergy names ? Which of those are food-related ? What are all the different food allergies?
What are the different types of allergies ?
What are the different types of allergies ? Which one is a cat allergy ?
What are the different types of allergies ? Which one is a cat allergy ? What is allergy type of a cat allergy?
What are all the allergies ?
What are all the allergies ? Which allergies are categorized as type animal ?
What are all the allergies ? Which allergies are categorized as type animal ? How many are there in that category ?
What are all the allergies ? Which allergies are categorized as type animal ? How many are there in that category ? How many animal type allergies exist?
What are the different allergy types ?
What are the different allergy types ? How many are in each category ?
What are the different allergy types ? How many are in each category ? What are the allergy types and how many allergies correspond to each one?
What are all the different allergy types ?
What are all the different allergy types ? Order them by number of allergies descendingly .
What are all the different allergy types ? Order them by number of allergies descendingly . Which one has the most ?
What are all the different allergy types ? Order them by number of allergies descendingly . Which one has the most ? Which allergy type is most common?
How many allergies exist for each allergy type ?
How many allergies exist for each allergy type ? Which one has the fewest ?
How many allergies exist for each allergy type ? Which one has the fewest ? Which allergy type is the least common?
Who are all the students ?
Who are all the students ? How many are there ?
Who are all the students ? How many are there ? What is the total number of students?
Who are all the students ?
Who are all the students ? What are their first names ?
Who are all the students ? What are their first names ? And what about their last names ?
Who are all the students ? What are their first names ? And what about their last names ? What are the full names of all students
Who are the students ?
Who are the students ? Who are the distinct advisors ?
Who are the students ? Who are the distinct advisors ? How many are there ?
Who are the students ? Who are the distinct advisors ? How many are there ? How many advisors are there?
Who are the students ?
Who are the students ? What are their distinct majors ?
Who are the students ? What are their distinct majors ? What are the different majors?
Who are the students ?
Who are the students ? What distinct cities are they from ?
Who are the students ? What distinct cities are they from ? What cities do students live in?
Who are the female students ?
Who are the female students ? What are their full names ?
Who are the female students ? What are their full names ? How old are they ?
Who are the female students ? What are their full names ? How old are they ? What are the full names and ages for all female students whose sex is F?
Which students are male ?
Which students are male ? What are their student id numbers ?
Which students are male ? What are their student id numbers ? What are the student ids for all male students?
Which students are 18 ?
Which students are 18 ? How many are there in total ?
Which students are 18 ? How many are there in total ? How many students are 18 years old?
Who is older than 20 ?
Who is older than 20 ? What are their student ids ?
Who is older than 20 ? What are their student ids ? What are the student ids for students over 20 years old?
Which student has the last name Kim ?
Which student has the last name Kim ? Where does she or he live ?
Which student has the last name Kim ? Where does she or he live ? Give the city that the student whose family name is Kim lives in.
Who 's student id is 1004 ?
Who 's student id is 1004 ? Who is her advisor ?
Who 's student id is 1004 ? Who is her advisor ? Who advises student 1004?
Who lives in HKG or CHI ?
Who lives in HKG or CHI ? How many is that ?
Who lives in HKG or CHI ? How many is that ? Give the number of students living in either HKG or CHI.
How old is the youngest student ?
How old is the youngest student ? What about the eldest ?
How old is the youngest student ? What about the eldest ? What is the average age ?
How old is the youngest student ? What about the eldest ? What is the average age ? What is the minimum, mean, and maximum age across all students?
What is the minimum age of the students ?
What is the minimum age of the students ? Who is the youngest student ?
What is the minimum age of the students ? Who is the youngest student ? What is his last name ?
What is the minimum age of the students ? Who is the youngest student ? What is his last name ? Provide the last name of the youngest student.
Who is the oldest student ?
Who is the oldest student ? What is their id ?
Who is the oldest student ? What is their id ? What student id corresponds to the oldest student?
What are the different majors ?
What are the different majors ? How many students are studying each subject ?
What are the different majors ? How many students are studying each subject ? How many students are there for each major?
What are the different majors ?
What are the different majors ? How many students does each major has ?
What are the different majors ? How many students does each major has ? Which one has the most students ?
What are the different majors ? How many students does each major has ? Which one has the most students ? What is the largest major?
What are the different student ages ?
What are the different student ages ? How many students are each age ?
What are the different student ages ? How many students are each age ? How old is each student and how many students are each age?
What are the different sex categories for students ?
What are the different sex categories for students ? How many are there for each category ?
What are the different sex categories for students ? How many are there for each category ? What is the average age for each category ?
What are the different sex categories for students ? How many are there for each category ? What is the average age for each category ? What are the average ages for male and female students?
What are the different cities that students live in ?
What are the different cities that students live in ? How many students are from each one ?
What are the different cities that students live in ? How many students are from each one ? How many students live in each city?
Who are the different advisors ?
Who are the different advisors ? How many students does each one have ?
Who are the different advisors ? How many students does each one have ? How many students does each advisor have?
Who are the advisors of the students ?
Who are the advisors of the students ? Order the advisors by the number of students they have .
Who are the advisors of the students ? Order the advisors by the number of students they have . Who has the most ?
Who are the advisors of the students ? Order the advisors by the number of students they have . Who has the most ? Give the advisor with the most students.
Who have allergies ?
Who have allergies ? Who has a cat allergy ?
Who have allergies ? Who has a cat allergy ? How many are there ?
Who have allergies ? Who has a cat allergy ? How many are there ? How many students are affected by cat allergies?
Who has at least two allergies ?
Who has at least two allergies ? What are their ids ?
Who has at least two allergies ? What are their ids ? What are the students ids of students who have more than one allergy?
What are all the student ids ?
What are all the student ids ? Of these , which students ids correspond to students without allergies ?
What are all the student ids ? Of these , which students ids correspond to students without allergies ? Which students are unaffected by allergies?
How many studnets are allergic to milk ?
How many studnets are allergic to milk ? How many are allergic to that or to eggs ?
How many studnets are allergic to milk ? How many are allergic to that or to eggs ? Of those , how many are female ?
How many studnets are allergic to milk ? How many are allergic to that or to eggs ? Of those , how many are female ? How many students who are female are allergic to milk or eggs?
How many allergy cases are there ?
How many allergy cases are there ? Of those , for how many is it a food allergy ?
How many allergy cases are there ? Of those , for how many is it a food allergy ? How many students are affected by food related allergies?
What are the different allergies ?
What are the different allergies ? Which one has the most students affected ?
What are the different allergies ? Which one has the most students affected ? Which allergy is the most common?
What are all the different allergies ?
What are all the different allergies ? How many students does each of them affect ?
What are all the different allergies ? How many students does each of them affect ? How many students have each different allergy?
What are the different allergy types ?
What are the different allergy types ? For each , how many students does it affect ?
What are the different allergy types ? For each , how many students does it affect ? How many students are affected by each allergy type?
What are student ids who are allergic to milk ?
What are student ids who are allergic to milk ? Of these , who also have allergy to cat ?
What are student ids who are allergic to milk ? Of these , who also have allergy to cat ? List their last name and age .
What are student ids who are allergic to milk ? Of these , who also have allergy to cat ? List their last name and age . What are the last names and ages of the students who are allergic to milk and cat?
What is the girl with first name Lisa allergic to ?
What is the girl with first name Lisa allergic to ? What type is each allergy ?
What is the girl with first name Lisa allergic to ? What type is each allergy ? Order them by the name of allergies .
What is the girl with first name Lisa allergic to ? What type is each allergy ? Order them by the name of allergies . What are the allergies the girl named Lisa has? And what are the types of them? Order the result by allergy names.
Which students are allergic to cats ?
Which students are allergic to cats ? Which students are not ?
Which students are allergic to cats ? Which students are not ? Of these , list the first name and sex of students who are allergic to milk .
Which students are allergic to cats ? Which students are not ? Of these , list the first name and sex of students who are allergic to milk . What are the first name and gender of the students who have allergy to milk but can put up with cats?
Which students have allergies to food type ?
Which students have allergies to food type ? Which of them have also have allergies to animal type ?
Which students have allergies to food type ? Which of them have also have allergies to animal type ? Find the average age of them .
Which students have allergies to food type ? Which of them have also have allergies to animal type ? Find the average age of them . How old are the students with allergies to food and animal types on average?
What are the first and last name of all the students ?
What are the first and last name of all the students ? Of them , who are allergic to any type of food ?
What are the first and last name of all the students ? Of them , who are allergic to any type of food ? And who are not ?
What are the first and last name of all the students ? Of them , who are allergic to any type of food ? And who are not ? What is the full name of each student who is not allergic to any type of food.
Who are all the male students ?
Who are all the male students ? Of these , who have allergies to food type ?
Who are all the male students ? Of these , who have allergies to food type ? How many are there ?
Who are all the male students ? Of these , who have allergies to food type ? How many are there ? How many male students (sex is 'M') are allergic to any type of food?
What are the ids of the students who have any allergy ?
What are the ids of the students who have any allergy ? Of these , who are allergy to milk or cat ?
What are the ids of the students who have any allergy ? Of these , who are allergy to milk or cat ? What are the different first names and city codes of them ?
What are the ids of the students who have any allergy ? Of these , who are allergy to milk or cat ? What are the different first names and city codes of them ? What are the distinct first names and cities of the students who have allergy either to milk or to cat?
Which students are over 18 ?
Which students are over 18 ? Of them , who are not allergic to food or animal ?
Which students are over 18 ? Of them , who are not allergic to food or animal ? How many ?
Which students are over 18 ? Of them , who are not allergic to food or animal ? How many ? How many students are over 18 and do not have allergy to food type or animal type?
Who have allergy to soy ?
Who have allergy to soy ? Who have not ?
Who have allergy to soy ? Who have not ? List their first name and major .
Who have allergy to soy ? Who have not ? List their first name and major . What are the first name and major of the students who are able to consume soy?
Return the information of all the customers .
Return the information of all the customers . What are the name of the customers ?
Return the information of all the customers . What are the name of the customers ? What are the names of all the customers?
List all the customers .
List all the customers . Count the number of the customers .
List all the customers . Count the number of the customers . Return the total number of distinct customers.
Find the order quantity for each order .
Find the order quantity for each order . What is the average order quantity ?
Find the order quantity for each order . What is the average order quantity ? Find the average order quantity per order.
Which customers ' payment method is `` Cash '' ?
Which customers ' payment method is `` Cash '' ? What are the names of those customers ?
Which customers ' payment method is `` Cash '' ? What are the names of those customers ? Which customers use "Cash" for payment method? Return the customer names.
List all the customers .
List all the customers . What are the dates they became customers ?
List all the customers . What are the dates they became customers ? For customer id between 10 and 20 , what are the dates they became customers ?
List all the customers . What are the dates they became customers ? For customer id between 10 and 20 , what are the dates they became customers ? What are the dates when customers with ids between 10 and 20 became customers?
What is the payment method each customer uses ?
What is the payment method each customer uses ? Group by the payment method , and return the frequency the method is used .
What is the payment method each customer uses ? Group by the payment method , and return the frequency the method is used . Return the payment method that is used most frequently .
What is the payment method each customer uses ? Group by the payment method , and return the frequency the method is used . Return the payment method that is used most frequently . Find the payment method that is used most frequently.
For each payment method , count the number of customers who use it .
For each payment method , count the number of customers who use it . What is the most frequently used payment method ?
For each payment method , count the number of customers who use it . What is the most frequently used payment method ? Return the name of the customers who use this payment method .
For each payment method , count the number of customers who use it . What is the most frequently used payment method ? Return the name of the customers who use this payment method . Find the name of the customers who use the most frequently used payment method.
What payment method does each customer use ?
What payment method does each customer use ? Return all the distinct payment methods used .
What payment method does each customer use ? Return all the distinct payment methods used . Return all the distinct payment methods used by customers.
What is the detail of each product ?
What is the detail of each product ? What are the distinct product details ?
What is the detail of each product ? What are the distinct product details ? Return the the details of all products.
Return customers whose name contains `` Alex '' .
Return customers whose name contains `` Alex '' . What are the full names of these customers ?
Return customers whose name contains `` Alex '' . What are the full names of these customers ? Which customer's name contains "Alex"? Find the full name.
Return products whose details contain the word `` Latte '' or `` Americano '' .
Return products whose details contain the word `` Latte '' or `` Americano '' . What are the full details for these products ?
Return products whose details contain the word `` Latte '' or `` Americano '' . What are the full details for these products ? Which product's detail contains the word "Latte" or "Americano"? Return the full detail.
Find the customer who is named `` Maudie Kertzmann '' .
Find the customer who is named `` Maudie Kertzmann '' . What is the address id of this customer ?
Find the customer who is named `` Maudie Kertzmann '' . What is the address id of this customer ? What is the address content ?
Find the customer who is named `` Maudie Kertzmann '' . What is the address id of this customer ? What is the address content ? Return the address content for the customer whose name is "Maudie Kertzmann".
Find all the address ids for the city called Lake Geovannyton .
Find all the address ids for the city called Lake Geovannyton . Find all the customers whose address is in this city .
Find all the address ids for the city called Lake Geovannyton . Find all the customers whose address is in this city . How many customers are living there ?
Find all the address ids for the city called Lake Geovannyton . Find all the customers whose address is in this city . How many customers are living there ? Find the number of customers who live in the city called Lake Geovannyton.
What are the ids of addresses in Colorado state ?
What are the ids of addresses in Colorado state ? Tell me the ids of customers who live there .
What are the ids of addresses in Colorado state ? Tell me the ids of customers who live there . What are the names of these customers ?
What are the ids of addresses in Colorado state ? Tell me the ids of customers who live there . What are the names of these customers ? What are the names of customers who live in Colorado state?
For each customer , find the city he or she lives in .
For each customer , find the city he or she lives in . What are all the distinct cities customers live in ?
For each customer , find the city he or she lives in . What are all the distinct cities customers live in ? What are the cities no customers live in ?
For each customer , find the city he or she lives in . What are all the distinct cities customers live in ? What are the cities no customers live in ? What are the cities no customers live in?
List all the cities customers live in .
List all the cities customers live in . Group by cities and count how many customers live there .
List all the cities customers live in . Group by cities and count how many customers live there . Which city has the most customers ?
List all the cities customers live in . Group by cities and count how many customers live there . Which city has the most customers ? Find the city where the most customers live.
List all the addresses .
List all the addresses . What is the list of distinct cities ?
List all the addresses . What is the list of distinct cities ? List all the distinct cities
Find the address with post code 255 .
Find the address with post code 255 . Which city is this address in ?
Find the address with post code 255 . Which city is this address in ? Which city is post code 255 located in?
Find the address with post code starting with 4 .
Find the address with post code starting with 4 . What are the state and country of these addresses ?
Find the address with post code starting with 4 . What are the state and country of these addresses ? What are the state and country of all the cities that have post codes starting with 4.\
Group all the addresses by the country .
Group all the addresses by the country . Which countries have more than four addresses listed ?
Group all the addresses by the country . Which countries have more than four addresses listed ? For which countries are there more than four distinct addresses listed?
List all the contact channel codes .
List all the contact channel codes . For each contact channel code , return how many times it was used .
List all the contact channel codes . For each contact channel code , return how many times it was used . Which contact channel codes were used less than 5 times ?
List all the contact channel codes . For each contact channel code , return how many times it was used . Which contact channel codes were used less than 5 times ? Which contact channel codes were used less than 5 times?
Find the customer whose name is `` Tillman Ernser '' .
Find the customer whose name is `` Tillman Ernser '' . What are the channel codes used by this person ?
Find the customer whose name is `` Tillman Ernser '' . What are the channel codes used by this person ? Find the contact channel code that was used by the customer named "Tillman Ernser".
What is the `` active to date '' for each customer ?
What is the `` active to date '' for each customer ? What is the latest `` active to date '' for each customer ?
What is the `` active to date '' for each customer ? What is the latest `` active to date '' for each customer ? Find that information for the customer named `` Tillman Ernser '' .
What is the `` active to date '' for each customer ? What is the latest `` active to date '' for each customer ? Find that information for the customer named `` Tillman Ernser '' . Return the the "active to date" of the latest contact channel used by the customer named "Tillman Ernser".
For each contact channel , find when it started and ended being active .
For each contact channel , find when it started and ended being active . What is the time span between the starting date and ending date ?
For each contact channel , find when it started and ended being active . What is the time span between the starting date and ending date ? What is the average across all the channels ?
For each contact channel , find when it started and ended being active . What is the time span between the starting date and ending date ? What is the average across all the channels ? Compute the average active time span of contact channels.
Tell me the active duration for each customer contact channel .
Tell me the active duration for each customer contact channel . Among them , what is the longest active duration ?
Tell me the active duration for each customer contact channel . Among them , what is the longest active duration ? What is the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel whose active duration was the longest
Tell me the active duration for each customer contact channel . Among them , what is the longest active duration ? What is the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel whose active duration was the longest Return the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel whose active duration was the longest.
Which customers use email as the contact channel ?
Which customers use email as the contact channel ? What are the dates these customers became active ?
Which customers use email as the contact channel ? What are the dates these customers became active ? What are the name and active date of these customers ?
Which customers use email as the contact channel ? What are the dates these customers became active ? What are the name and active date of these customers ? What are the name and active date of the customers whose contact channel code is email?
What is the largest order quantity listed in the database ?
What is the largest order quantity listed in the database ? What is the name of the customer who made that order ?
What is the largest order quantity listed in the database ? What is the name of the customer who made that order ? Find the name of the customer who made the order of the largest amount of goods.
Tell me the customer name for each order .
Tell me the customer name for each order . What is the total quantity ordered by each customer ?
Tell me the customer name for each order . What is the total quantity ordered by each customer ? Give me the name of the customer who ordered the largest quantity in total .
Tell me the customer name for each order . What is the total quantity ordered by each customer ? Give me the name of the customer who ordered the largest quantity in total . Give me the name of the customer who ordered the most items in total.
What is the total quantity ordered by each customer ?
What is the total quantity ordered by each customer ? Return the customer who ordered the least quantity in total .
What is the total quantity ordered by each customer ? Return the customer who ordered the least quantity in total . What is that customer 's payment method ?
What is the total quantity ordered by each customer ? Return the customer who ordered the least quantity in total . What is that customer 's payment method ? Tell me the payment method used by the customer who ordered the least amount of goods in total.
Find the id of the product ordered in each order .
Find the id of the product ordered in each order . What are the ids of products ordered by the customer named Rodrick Heaney ?
Find the id of the product ordered in each order . What are the ids of products ordered by the customer named Rodrick Heaney ? How many distinct products has he bought ?
Find the id of the product ordered in each order . What are the ids of products ordered by the customer named Rodrick Heaney ? How many distinct products has he bought ? Find the number of distinct products Rodrick Heaney has bought so far.
Find the id of product ordered in each order .
Find the id of product ordered in each order . What are the ids of products ordered by the customer named Rodrick Heaney ?
Find the id of product ordered in each order . What are the ids of products ordered by the customer named Rodrick Heaney ? What is the total quantity of products bought by him ?
Find the id of product ordered in each order . What are the ids of products ordered by the customer named Rodrick Heaney ? What is the total quantity of products bought by him ? Tell me the total quantity of products bought by the customer called "Rodrick Heaney".
Which customer order have cancelled status ?
Which customer order have cancelled status ? How many customers have cancelled status ?
Which customer order have cancelled status ? How many customers have cancelled status ? Return the number of customers who have at least one order with "Cancelled" status.
Which customer orders have `` Second time '' as order detail ?
Which customer orders have `` Second time '' as order detail ? How many ?
Which customer orders have `` Second time '' as order detail ? How many ? Tell me the number of orders with "Second time" as order detail.
Find all the customer orders whose status is `` Delivered '' .
Find all the customer orders whose status is `` Delivered '' . What are the customer name and date for those orders ?
Find all the customer orders whose status is `` Delivered '' . What are the customer name and date for those orders ? What are the customer name and date of the orders whose status is "Delivered".
List all the customer orders in the `` Cancelled '' status .
List all the customer orders in the `` Cancelled '' status . Find the order quantity for these orders .
List all the customer orders in the `` Cancelled '' status . Find the order quantity for these orders . Find the total quantity of products associated with those orders .
List all the customer orders in the `` Cancelled '' status . Find the order quantity for these orders . Find the total quantity of products associated with those orders . Find the total quantity of products associated with the orders in the "Cancelled" status.
Find all the customer orders that made before 2018-03-17 07:13:53 .
Find all the customer orders that made before 2018-03-17 07:13:53 . Compute the total quantity of items purchased in this order .
Find all the customer orders that made before 2018-03-17 07:13:53 . Compute the total quantity of items purchased in this order . What is the total amount of products purchased before 2018-03-17 07:13:53?
Order all the customer orders by the descending order date .
Order all the customer orders by the descending order date . What is the most recent order ?
Order all the customer orders by the descending order date . What is the most recent order ? Who made that order ?
Order all the customer orders by the descending order date . What is the most recent order ? Who made that order ? Find the name of the customer who made an order most recently.
Count the number of times each product is ordered .
Count the number of times each product is ordered . What is the most frequently ordered product ?
Count the number of times each product is ordered . What is the most frequently ordered product ? Tell me the detail of the product .
Count the number of times each product is ordered . What is the most frequently ordered product ? Tell me the detail of the product . What is the most frequently ordered product? Tell me the detail of the product
Find the total quantity order for each product .
Find the total quantity order for each product . What is the id of the product whose total order quantity is the largest ?
Find the total quantity order for each product . What is the id of the product whose total order quantity is the largest ? What are the name and ID of that product ?
Find the total quantity order for each product . What is the id of the product whose total order quantity is the largest ? What are the name and ID of that product ? What are the name and ID of the product bought the most.
List all addresses in East Julianaside , Texas .
List all addresses in East Julianaside , Texas . List all addresses in Gleasonmouth , Arizona .
List all addresses in East Julianaside , Texas . List all addresses in Gleasonmouth , Arizona . List all addresses in either of them .
List all addresses in East Julianaside , Texas . List all addresses in Gleasonmouth , Arizona . List all addresses in either of them . What are all the addresses in East Julianaside, Texas or in Gleasonmouth, Arizona.
List all the customers ' payment method
List all the customers ' payment method Which customer does not use Cash ?
List all the customers ' payment method Which customer does not use Cash ? What is the name of the customer ?
List all the customers ' payment method Which customer does not use Cash ? What is the name of the customer ? What is the name of customers who do not use Cash as payment method.
Find the names of all the customers .
Find the names of all the customers . What are the names of customers who bought the product `` Latte '' before ?
Find the names of all the customers . What are the names of customers who bought the product `` Latte '' before ? Which customers never bought Latte '' ?
Find the names of all the customers . What are the names of customers who bought the product `` Latte '' before ? Which customers never bought Latte '' ? What are names of customers who never ordered product Latte.
List the names of all the customers .
List the names of all the customers . What are the names of customers who have made some orders before ?
List the names of all the customers . What are the names of customers who have made some orders before ? Which customers never made an order ?
List the names of all the customers . What are the names of customers who have made some orders before ? Which customers never made an order ? What are the names of customers who never made an order.
List the names of customers who have purchased Latte .
List the names of customers who have purchased Latte . Give me the names of customers who have purchased Americano .
List the names of customers who have purchased Latte . Give me the names of customers who have purchased Americano . Which customers have ordered both ?
List the names of customers who have purchased Latte . Give me the names of customers who have purchased Americano . Which customers have ordered both ? What are the names of customers who have purchased both products Latte and Americano?
What are the first names of all employees ?
What are the first names of all employees ? Also , what are their department names ?
What are the first names of all employees ? Also , what are their department names ? What are the first name and department name of all employees?
Which employees earn less than 6000 ?
Which employees earn less than 6000 ? What are their full names and salaries ?
Which employees earn less than 6000 ? What are their full names and salaries ? What are the full names and salaries for any employees earning less than 6000?
List the first name and department id for all employees ?
List the first name and department id for all employees ? Of these , include the ones for employees with last name McEwen .
List the first name and department id for all employees ? Of these , include the ones for employees with last name McEwen . What are the first names and department numbers for employees with last name McEwen?
What is all the information about all the departments ?
What is all the information about all the departments ? Of those , what is the information about the Marketing department ?
What is all the information about all the departments ? Of those , what is the information about the Marketing department ? What is all the information about the Marketing department?
What is all the information on employees ?
What is all the information on employees ? Of those , which do not have the letter M in their first names ?
What is all the information on employees ? Of those , which do not have the letter M in their first names ? What were their hire dates ?
What is all the information on employees ? Of those , which do not have the letter M in their first names ? What were their hire dates ? On what dates were employees without the letter M in their first names hired?
What is all the information on employees ?
What is all the information on employees ? Of those , which do not have the letter M in their first names ?
What is all the information on employees ? Of those , which do not have the letter M in their first names ? What were their full names , hire dates , salaries , and department numbers ?
What is all the information on employees ? Of those , which do not have the letter M in their first names ? What were their full names , hire dates , salaries , and department numbers ? What are the full name, hire date, salary, and department id for employees without the letter M in their first name?
Which employees do not have the letter M in their first names ?
Which employees do not have the letter M in their first names ? What were their full names , hire dates , salaries , and department numbers ?
Which employees do not have the letter M in their first names ? What were their full names , hire dates , salaries , and department numbers ? Order these by ascending department number .
Which employees do not have the letter M in their first names ? What were their full names , hire dates , salaries , and department numbers ? Order these by ascending department number . What are the full name, hire data, salary and department id for employees without the letter M in their first name, ordered by ascending department id?
What are all the employees ' phone numbers ?
What are all the employees ' phone numbers ? Return only those for employees with salaries between 8000 and 12000 .
What are all the employees ' phone numbers ? Return only those for employees with salaries between 8000 and 12000 . Return the phone numbers of employees with salaries between 8000 and 12000.
What are all the employees with first names that end with m ?
What are all the employees with first names that end with m ? What are their full names and salaries ?
What are all the employees with first names that end with m ? What are their full names and salaries ? Return the full names and salaries for employees with first names that end with the letter m.
Which employees were hired between November 5th , 2007 and July 5th , 2009 ?
Which employees were hired between November 5th , 2007 and July 5th , 2009 ? What are their job ids and hire dates ?
Which employees were hired between November 5th , 2007 and July 5th , 2009 ? What are their job ids and hire dates ? What are the job ids and dates of hire for employees hired after November 5th, 2007 and before July 5th, 2009?
What are the names of all employees ?
What are the names of all employees ? Of those , who are in department 70 or 90 ?
What are the names of all employees ? Of those , who are in department 70 or 90 ? What are the full names of employees who with in department 70 or 90?
What is all the information about employees ?
What is all the information about employees ? Of those , which were hired before 2002-06-21 ?
What is all the information about employees ? Of those , which were hired before 2002-06-21 ? What is all the information about employees hired before June 21, 2002?
What is all the information about employees with a D , S or N in their first name ?
What is all the information about employees with a D , S or N in their first name ? Order those by decreasing salary .
What is all the information about employees with a D , S or N in their first name ? Order those by decreasing salary . What is all the information about employees with D, S, or N in their first name, ordered by salary descending?
What is all the information about the employees ?
What is all the information about the employees ? Of those , who was hired after September 7th , 1987 ?
What is all the information about the employees ? Of those , who was hired after September 7th , 1987 ? Which employees were hired after September 7th, 1987?
What are all the job titles ?
What are all the job titles ? Of those , which correspond to jobs with salaries over 9000 ?
What are all the job titles ? Of those , which correspond to jobs with salaries over 9000 ? Which job titles correspond to jobs with salaries over 9000?
What is all the information about jobs with max salary between 12000 and 18000 ?
What is all the information about jobs with max salary between 12000 and 18000 ? What are the job titles and differences between max and min salaries for those jobs ?
What is all the information about jobs with max salary between 12000 and 18000 ? What are the job titles and differences between max and min salaries for those jobs ? What are the job titles, and range of salaries for jobs with maximum salary between 12000 and 18000?
What is all the job history information ?
What is all the job history information ? What are the unique employee ids ?
What is all the job history information ? What are the unique employee ids ? What are the latest end dates corresponding to each one ?
What is all the job history information ? What are the unique employee ids ? What are the latest end dates corresponding to each one ? What are the employee ids for each employee and final dates of employment at their last job?
What are the different department ids ?
What are the different department ids ? Of these , which had more than 10 employees with commissions ?
What are the different department ids ? Of these , which had more than 10 employees with commissions ? What are the department ids for which more than 10 employees had a commission?
What are the manager ids of managers who manage 4 or more employees ?
What are the manager ids of managers who manage 4 or more employees ? What are their department ids ?
What are the manager ids of managers who manage 4 or more employees ? What are their department ids ? What are department ids for departments with managers managing more than 3 employees?
How many cities are there ?
How many cities are there ? Count the cities by their country ids .
How many cities are there ? Count the cities by their country ids . Give the country id and corresponding count of cities in each country.
What are job ids for jobs that lasted more than 300 days ?
What are job ids for jobs that lasted more than 300 days ? Of these , which have been done more than once ?
What are job ids for jobs that lasted more than 300 days ? Of these , which have been done more than once ? What are the job ids for jobs done more than once for a period of more than 300 days?
What are all the different employee ids in the job history table ?
What are all the different employee ids in the job history table ? Of these , which have had two or more jobs ?
What are all the different employee ids in the job history table ? Of these , which have had two or more jobs ? What are the employee ids for employees who have held two or more jobs?
What are all the employee ids ?
What are all the employee ids ? Also , what are the names of the countries that they work in ?
What are all the employee ids ? Also , what are the names of the countries that they work in ? What are all the employee ids and the names of the countries in which they work?
How many employees are there ?
How many employees are there ? Group these counts by department name .
How many employees are there ? Group these counts by department name . Give the name of each department and the number of employees in each.
What is the average salary for all employees ?
What is the average salary for all employees ? What are the average salaries by job title ?
What is the average salary for all employees ? What are the average salaries by job title ? What is the average salary for each job title?
What is the salary of employee with id 163 ?
What is the salary of employee with id 163 ? What is all employee information for employees making more than employee 163 ?
What is the salary of employee with id 163 ? What is all employee information for employees making more than employee 163 ? What are the full names of these employees ?
What is the salary of employee with id 163 ? What is all employee information for employees making more than employee 163 ? What are the full names of these employees ? Provide the full names of employees earning more than the employee with id 163.
What is the lowest salary across all employees ?
What is the lowest salary across all employees ? What are these numbers by department id ?
What is the lowest salary across all employees ? What are these numbers by department id ? What is the minimum salary in each department?
What is the lowest salary across all departments ?
What is the lowest salary across all departments ? What information is available for employees who make that much ?
What is the lowest salary across all departments ? What information is available for employees who make that much ? What are their first and last names and department ids ?
What is the lowest salary across all departments ? What information is available for employees who make that much ? What are their first and last names and department ids ? What are the full names and department ids for the lowest paid employees across all departments.
What is the average salary across all employees ?
What is the average salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ?
What is the average salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ? What are their ids ?
What is the average salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ? What are their ids ? What are the employee ids for employees who make more than the average?
What are the id for the employee whose first name is Payam ?
What are the id for the employee whose first name is Payam ? Which employees ' manager is him ?
What are the id for the employee whose first name is Payam ? Which employees ' manager is him ? What are their ids and salaries ?
What are the id for the employee whose first name is Payam ? Which employees ' manager is him ? What are their ids and salaries ? What are the employee ids of employees who report to Payam, and what are their salaries?
Find the name of all departments .
Find the name of all departments . What about those that have at least one employee .
Find the name of all departments . What about those that have at least one employee . What are the names of departments that have at least one employee.
What are all the manager ids of the different departments ?
What are all the manager ids of the different departments ? What is all the employee information regarding these managers ?
What are all the manager ids of the different departments ? What is all the employee information regarding these managers ? What is all the information regarding employees who are managers?
What is all the information about all the departments ?
What is all the information about all the departments ? Of these , what information pertains to the Marketing department ?
What is all the information about all the departments ? Of these , what information pertains to the Marketing department ? What is all the information about the Marketing department?
What are the ids of employees who have job history available ?
What are the ids of employees who have job history available ? Which of them have held two or more jobs ?
What are the ids of employees who have job history available ? Which of them have held two or more jobs ? What are the employee ids for those who had two or more jobs.
What are the manager ids for managers who are in charge of 4 or more employees ?
What are the manager ids for managers who are in charge of 4 or more employees ? What are the distinct department ids for the departments they belong to ?
What are the manager ids for managers who are in charge of 4 or more employees ? What are the distinct department ids for the departments they belong to ? Give the distinct department ids of departments in which a manager is in charge of 4 or more employees?
What is the average salary for each job ?
What is the average salary for each job ? What are the job ids for jobs that average more than 8000 ?
What is the average salary for each job ? What are the job ids for jobs that average more than 8000 ? What are the job ids corresponding to jobs with average salary above 8000?
What are the employee ids for employees in department 80 ?
What are the employee ids for employees in department 80 ? Also , what are their job titles ?
What are the employee ids for employees in department 80 ? Also , what are their job titles ? what are the employee ids and job titles for employees in department 80?
Who are the employees working in the Finance department ?
Who are the employees working in the Finance department ? What are their first names and job ids ?
Who are the employees working in the Finance department ? What are their first names and job ids ? Give the first name and job id for all employees in the Finance department.
What is the lowest salary across all employees ?
What is the lowest salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ?
What is the lowest salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ? Of those , which make less than 2500 ?
What is the lowest salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ? Of those , which make less than 2500 ? What is all the information regarding employees with salaries above the minimum and under 2500?
What are the department ids with managers who have ids between 100 and 200 ?
What are the department ids with managers who have ids between 100 and 200 ? What is all the information about employees who do not work in those departments ?
What are the department ids with managers who have ids between 100 and 200 ? What is all the information about employees who do not work in those departments ? What are the ids for employees who do not work in departments with managers that have ids between 100 and 200?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ? What is all the information about employees in those departments ?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ? What is all the information about employees in those departments ? What are the full names and hire dates of those employees ?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ? What is all the information about employees in those departments ? What are the full names and hire dates of those employees ? What are the full names and hire dates for employees in the same department as someone with the first name Clara?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ? What is all the information about employees in those departments ?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ? What is all the information about employees in those departments ? What are the full names and hire dates of those employees ?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ? What is all the information about employees in those departments ? What are the full names and hire dates of those employees ? Of those , who does not have the first name Clara ?
What are the department ids for departments that have someone with the first name Clara ? What is all the information about employees in those departments ? What are the full names and hire dates of those employees ? Of those , who does not have the first name Clara ? What are the full names and hire dates for employees in the same department as someone with the first name Clara, not including Clara?
What are the department ids for departments with employees who have the letter T in their first name ?
What are the department ids for departments with employees who have the letter T in their first name ? Who are the employees in those departments ?
What are the department ids for departments with employees who have the letter T in their first name ? Who are the employees in those departments ? What are their ids and full names ?
What are the department ids for departments with employees who have the letter T in their first name ? Who are the employees in those departments ? What are their ids and full names ? What are the ids and full names for employees who work in a department that has someone with a first name that contains the letter T?
What is the average salary across all employees ?
What is the average salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ?
What is the average salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ? Of those , which work in departments with employees who have the letter J in their first name ?
What is the average salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ? Of those , which work in departments with employees who have the letter J in their first name ? What are their ids , full names and salaries ?
What is the average salary across all employees ? Which employees make more than that ? Of those , which work in departments with employees who have the letter J in their first name ? What are their ids , full names and salaries ? What are the ids, full names, and salaries for employees making more than average and who work in a department with employees who have the letter J in their first name?
What is the lowest salary for someone with the title MK_MAN ?
What is the lowest salary for someone with the title MK_MAN ? Which employees make less than that ?
What is the lowest salary for someone with the title MK_MAN ? Which employees make less than that ? What are their employee ids and job ids ?
What is the lowest salary for someone with the title MK_MAN ? Which employees make less than that ? What are their employee ids and job ids ? What are the employee ids and job ids for employees who make less than the lowest earning employee with title MK_MAN?
What is the highest salary for someone with the title PU_MAN ?
What is the highest salary for someone with the title PU_MAN ? Which employees make more than that ?
What is the highest salary for someone with the title PU_MAN ? Which employees make more than that ? What are their employee ids , full names , and job ids ?
What is the highest salary for someone with the title PU_MAN ? Which employees make more than that ? What are their employee ids , full names , and job ids ? What are the employee ids, full names, and job ids for employees who make more than the highest earning employee with title PU_MAN?
What are the department ids for departments which have more than 2 employees ?
What are the department ids for departments which have more than 2 employees ? What is the sum of the salaries within each of those departments ?
What are the department ids for departments which have more than 2 employees ? What is the sum of the salaries within each of those departments ? What are total salaries and department id for each department that has more than 2 employees?
What are all the employee ids for employees who have had a job in the past ?
What are all the employee ids for employees who have had a job in the past ? What is all the information for employees who are not a part of those ?
What are all the employee ids for employees who have had a job in the past ? What is all the information for employees who are not a part of those ? What is all the information about employees who have never had a job in the past?
What are the first and last names for each employee ?
What are the first and last names for each employee ? Also , what are their department names ?
What are the first and last names for each employee ? Also , what are their department names ? Also , what are their city and state provinces ?
What are the first and last names for each employee ? Also , what are their department names ? Also , what are their city and state provinces ? What are the full names, departments, cities, and state provinces for each employee?
What are the full names of each employee ?
What are the full names of each employee ? Also , what cities are their departments in ?
What are the full names of each employee ? Also , what cities are their departments in ? Of these , which have the letter Z in their first name ?
What are the full names of each employee ? Also , what cities are their departments in ? Of these , which have the letter Z in their first name ? What are the full names and cities of employees who have the letter Z in their first names?
What are the names of each department ?
What are the names of each department ? Also , in what city and state province are they in ?
What are the names of each department ? Also , in what city and state province are they in ? What are the department names, cities, and state provinces for each department?
What are the full names and ids for all employees ?
What are the full names and ids for all employees ? Also , what are the names of the countries that they work in ?
What are the full names and ids for all employees ? Also , what are the names of the countries that they work in ? What the full names, ids of each employee and the name of the country they are in?
What are the different department names ?
What are the different department names ? How many employees work in each one ?
What are the different department names ? How many employees work in each one ? What are the department names and how many employees work in each of them?
Who are all the employees working in the city of London ?
Who are all the employees working in the city of London ? What are their full names and salaries ?
Who are all the employees working in the city of London ? What are their full names and salaries ? What are full names and salaries of employees working in the city of London?
What is all the course information ?
What is all the course information ? How many are there ?
What is all the course information ? How many are there ? Count the number of courses.
What is all the information for courses with more than 2 credits ?
What is all the information for courses with more than 2 credits ? How many are there ?
What is all the information for courses with more than 2 credits ? How many are there ? Count the number of courses with more than 2 credits.
What are the names of courses with 1 credit?
What are all the course names ?
What are all the course names ? Of those , which are taught on the days MTW ?
What are all the course names ? Of those , which are taught on the days MTW ? What are the course names for courses taught on MTW?
How many departments are there ?
How many departments are there ? Of those , how many are in the `` AS '' division ?
How many departments are there ? Of those , how many are in the `` AS '' division ? How many departments are in the division AS?
What is all the information about departments in room 268 ?
What is all the information about departments in room 268 ? What are their phones ?
What is all the information about departments in room 268 ? What are their phones ? Give the phones for departments in room 268.
What are the distinct student ids for students who have gotten a `` B '' grade ?
What are the distinct student ids for students who have gotten a `` B '' grade ? How many are there ?
What are the distinct student ids for students who have gotten a `` B '' grade ? How many are there ? How many students have had at least one "B" grade?
What is the maximum gradepoint ?
What is the maximum gradepoint ? Also , what is the minimum gradepoint ?
What is the maximum gradepoint ? Also , what is the minimum gradepoint ? What are the maximum and minumum grade points?
What are all the distinct student first names ?
What are all the distinct student first names ? Of those , which contain the letter `` a '' ?
What are all the distinct student first names ? Of those , which contain the letter `` a '' ? What are the first names for students who have an "a" in their first name?
What are the full names of all the faculty ?
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Of those , which have sex M ?
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Of those , which have sex M ? Of those , which are in building NEB ?
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Of those , which have sex M ? Of those , which are in building NEB ? What are the full names of faculties with sex M and who live in building NEB?
What are the rooms for all faculty with rank professor ?
What are the rooms for all faculty with rank professor ? Of those , which are for faculty who live in building NEB ?
What are the rooms for all faculty with rank professor ? Of those , which are for faculty who live in building NEB ? What are the rooms for members of the faculty who are professors and who live in building NEB?
What are the names of the departments ?
What are the names of the departments ? Which corresponds to the one in building Mergenthaler ?
What are the names of the departments ? Which corresponds to the one in building Mergenthaler ? What is the name of the department in the Building Mergenthaler?
What is all the information about credits ?
What is all the information about credits ? Order this in ascending order .
What is all the information about credits ? Order this in ascending order . What is all the information about courses, ordered by credits ascending?
What are all the course names ?
What are all the course names ? Order them by credits .
What are all the course names ? Order them by credits . What are the course names, ordered by credits?
What is all the student information , ordered by age descending ?
What is all the student information , ordered by age descending ? What are their first names ?
What is all the student information , ordered by age descending ? What are their first names ? What are the first names of students, ordered by age from greatest to least?
What are the last names of all the female students ?
What are the last names of all the female students ? Order this by age descending .
What are the last names of all the female students ? Order this by age descending . What are the last names of female students, ordered by age descending?
What are the last names of faculty in building Barton ?
What are the last names of faculty in building Barton ? Order this alphabetically .
What are the last names of faculty in building Barton ? Order this alphabetically . What are the last names of faculty in building Barton, sorted by last name?
What are the first names of all the faculty ?
What are the first names of all the faculty ? Of those , which are professors ?
What are the first names of all the faculty ? Of those , which are professors ? Sort this in alphabetical order .
What are the first names of all the faculty ? Of those , which are professors ? Sort this in alphabetical order . What are the first names for all faculty professors, ordered by first name?
What are all the department names ?
What are all the department names ? Order these descending by the number of students minoring in them .
What are all the department names ? Order these descending by the number of students minoring in them . Which has the most ?
What are all the department names ? Order these descending by the number of students minoring in them . Which has the most ? What is the name of the department with the most students minoring in it?
What are the names of departments that have students minoring in them ?
What are the names of departments that have students minoring in them ? What are all the other department names ?
What are the names of departments that have students minoring in them ? What are all the other department names ? What is the name of the department htat has no students minoring in it?
What are all the department names ?
What are all the department names ? Order them by the number of members in each .
What are all the department names ? Order them by the number of members in each . Which has the fewest ?
What are all the department names ? Order them by the number of members in each . Which has the fewest ? What is the name of the department with the fewest members?
What are the different faculty ranks ?
What are the different faculty ranks ? Order them by the number of faculty in each rank .
What are the different faculty ranks ? Order them by the number of faculty in each rank . Which has the fewest ?
What are the different faculty ranks ? Order them by the number of faculty in each rank . Which has the fewest ? What is the least common faculty rank?
What are the full names of all the faculty ?
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Order them by the number of courses they teach , descending .
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Order them by the number of courses they teach , descending . Who are the top three ?
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Order them by the number of courses they teach , descending . Who are the top three ? What are the full names of the 3 instructors who teach the most courses?
What is all the information about all the faculty ?
What is all the information about all the faculty ? Order this by the number of courses each faculty teaches , descending .
What is all the information about all the faculty ? Order this by the number of courses each faculty teaches , descending . What is the building that the one who teachest the most lives in ?
What is all the information about all the faculty ? Order this by the number of courses each faculty teaches , descending . What is the building that the one who teachest the most lives in ? Give the building that the instructor who teaches the greatest number of courses lives in.
What are all the course names ?
What are all the course names ? Of those , which have at least five students enrolled ?
What are all the course names ? Of those , which have at least five students enrolled ? Give the names of the courses with at least five enrollments.
What are the full names of all faculty ?
What are the full names of all faculty ? Of those , which has a course named COMPUTER LITERACY ?
What are the full names of all faculty ? Of those , which has a course named COMPUTER LITERACY ? What is the full name of the instructor who has a course named COMPUTER LITERACY?
What is all the information about the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE ?
What is all the information about the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE ? What room is it held in ?
What is all the information about the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE ? What room is it held in ? Also , what is the department name for the department that offers it ?
What is all the information about the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE ? What room is it held in ? Also , what is the department name for the department that offers it ? What are the department name and room for the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE?
What are the full names of all students ?
What are the full names of all students ? Also , what are the gradepoints for any classes they are enrolled in ?
What are the full names of all students ? Also , what are the gradepoints for any classes they are enrolled in ? What are the full names and gradepoints for all enrollments?
What are the distinct first names of students ?
What are the distinct first names of students ? Of those , which have a gradepoint of at least 3.8 in one course ?
What are the distinct first names of students ? Of those , which have a gradepoint of at least 3.8 in one course ? What are the distinct first names for students with a grade point of 3.8 or above in at least one course?
What are the full names of all the faculty ?
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Of those , which are a part of department 520 ?
What are the full names of all the faculty ? Of those , which are a part of department 520 ? What are the full names of faculty members who are a part of department 520?
What are the full names of all students ?
What are the full names of all students ? Of those , which are minoring in the department with number 140 ?
What are the full names of all students ? Of those , which are minoring in the department with number 140 ? What are the full names of students minoring in department 140?
What is all the information about faculty ?
What is all the information about faculty ? Of those , which are in the computer science department ?
What is all the information about faculty ? Of those , which are in the computer science department ? What are their last names ?
What is all the information about faculty ? Of those , which are in the computer science department ? What are their last names ? What are the last names of faculty who are part of the computer science department?
What is the average gradepoint for any students enrolled in courses ?
What is the average gradepoint for any students enrolled in courses ? What is this for students with last name Smith ?
What is the average gradepoint for any students enrolled in courses ? What is this for students with last name Smith ? What is the average gradepoint for students with the last name Smith?
What is all the information about students living in NYC ?
What is all the information about students living in NYC ? What are their gradepoints for the courses they are enrolled in ?
What is all the information about students living in NYC ? What are their gradepoints for the courses they are enrolled in ? What are the maximum and minimum ?
What is all the information about students living in NYC ? What are their gradepoints for the courses they are enrolled in ? What are the maximum and minimum ? Give the maximum and minimum gradepoints for students living in NYC?
What are the names of courses with 3 credits ?
What are the names of courses with 3 credits ? What are the names of courses with 1 credit and 4 hours ?
What are the names of courses with 3 credits ? What are the names of courses with 1 credit and 4 hours ? What are the names of courses in either group ?
What are the names of courses with 3 credits ? What are the names of courses with 1 credit and 4 hours ? What are the names of courses in either group ? What are the names of courses that give either 3 credits, or 1 credit and 4 hours?
What are the department names for departments in division AS ?
What are the department names for departments in division AS ? What are department names for departments in divison EN and building NEB ?
What are the department names for departments in division AS ? What are department names for departments in divison EN and building NEB ? What are the names for departments in either group ?
What are the department names for departments in division AS ? What are department names for departments in divison EN and building NEB ? What are the names for departments in either group ? What are the names of departments either in division AS, or in division EN and in building NEB?
What are the student ids for each student ?
What are the student ids for each student ? Of those , which are not enrolled in any courses ?
What are the student ids for each student ? Of those , which are not enrolled in any courses ? What are their first names ?
What are the student ids for each student ? Of those , which are not enrolled in any courses ? What are their first names ? What are the first names of all students that are not enrolled in courses?
What can you tell me about college ?
What can you tell me about college ? What are the enrollment numbers for each college ?
What can you tell me about college ? What are the enrollment numbers for each college ? What is the total enrollment number for all of the colleges ?
What can you tell me about college ? What are the enrollment numbers for each college ? What is the total enrollment number for all of the colleges ? How many students are enrolled in college?
How many are enrolled for each college ?
How many are enrolled for each college ? What is the average number ?
How many are enrolled for each college ? What is the average number ? How many students, on average, does each college have enrolled?
What is all the information on each college ?
What is all the information on each college ? How many different ones exist ?
What is all the information on each college ? How many different ones exist ? How many different colleges are there?
What information do you have on players ?
What information do you have on players ? Which of those refer to people who trained for more than 1000 hours ?
What information do you have on players ? Which of those refer to people who trained for more than 1000 hours ? How many of them are there ?
What information do you have on players ? Which of those refer to people who trained for more than 1000 hours ? How many of them are there ? How many different players trained for more than 1000 hours?
What is all the information on colleges ?
What is all the information on colleges ? Which of those have a student population greater than 15000 ?
What is all the information on colleges ? Which of those have a student population greater than 15000 ? How many of them exist ?
What is all the information on colleges ? Which of those have a student population greater than 15000 ? How many of them exist ? What is the number of colleges with a student population greater than 15000?
How many hours does each player train for ?
How many hours does each player train for ? What is the average ?
How many hours does each player train for ? What is the average ? How many hours do the players train on average?
What are the names of the players ?
What are the names of the players ? Which of those practice for less than 1500 hours ?
What are the names of the players ? Which of those practice for less than 1500 hours ? Also , list the hours worked for each of them .
What are the names of the players ? Which of those practice for less than 1500 hours ? Also , list the hours worked for each of them . What are the names and number of hours spent training for each player who trains for less than 1500 hours?
What is the name of the college each student trying out from ?
What is the name of the college each student trying out from ? What are the different college names ?
What is the name of the college each student trying out from ? What are the different college names ? How many different ones exist ?
What is the name of the college each student trying out from ? What are the different college names ? How many different ones exist ? How many different colleges were represented at tryouts?
What are the different player positions ?
What are the different player positions ? How many of them exist ?
What are the different player positions ? How many of them exist ? What are the different types of player positions?
What were the decisions for each player ?
What were the decisions for each player ? Which of the players received a yes ?
What were the decisions for each player ? Which of the players received a yes ? How many of them exist ?
What were the decisions for each player ? Which of the players received a yes ? How many of them exist ? How many students received a yes from tryouts?
What information exists for players tried for the position of goalie ?
What information exists for players tried for the position of goalie ? How many of them tried out ?
What information exists for players tried for the position of goalie ? How many of them tried out ? What is the number of students playing as a goalie?
How many hours does each player spend training ?
How many hours does each player spend training ? What is the average ?
How many hours does each player spend training ? What is the average ? Also , what is the maximum and minimum ?
How many hours does each player spend training ? What is the average ? Also , what is the maximum and minimum ? What is the average, maximum, and minimum for the number of hours spent training?
What is the number of students enrolled in each college ?
What is the number of students enrolled in each college ? Of those , which refer to students enrolled in places in Florida ?
What is the number of students enrolled in each college ? Of those , which refer to students enrolled in places in Florida ? What is the average number enrolled for them ?
What is the number of students enrolled in each college ? Of those , which refer to students enrolled in places in Florida ? What is the average number enrolled for them ? What is average number of students enrolled in Florida colleges?
Give me all information about players who train between 500 and 1500 hours .
Give me all information about players who train between 500 and 1500 hours . What are their names ?
Give me all information about players who train between 500 and 1500 hours . What are their names ? What are the names of players who train between 500 and 1500 hours?
What information is there on players whose name contains the letter a ?
What information is there on players whose name contains the letter a ? What are their names ?
What information is there on players whose name contains the letter a ? What are their names ? What is a list of the unique names ?
What information is there on players whose name contains the letter a ? What are their names ? What is a list of the unique names ? Who are the players that have names containing the letter a?
What information you have on colleges that have more than 10000 students enrolled ?
What information you have on colleges that have more than 10000 students enrolled ? Of those , which refer to colleges in the state of LA ?
What information you have on colleges that have more than 10000 students enrolled ? Of those , which refer to colleges in the state of LA ? What are these colleges ' names and enrollment numbers ?
What information you have on colleges that have more than 10000 students enrolled ? Of those , which refer to colleges in the state of LA ? What are these colleges ' names and enrollment numbers ? What are the names and enrollment numbers for colleges that have more than 10000 enrolled and are located in Louisiana?
What information do you have on the colleges ?
What information do you have on the colleges ? Sort the information by enrollment numbers .
What information do you have on the colleges ? Sort the information by enrollment numbers . What information do you have on colleges sorted by increasing enrollment numbers?
What are the college names ?
What are the college names ? Which of those have more than 18000 students enrolled ?
What are the college names ? Which of those have more than 18000 students enrolled ? Order them alphabetically .
What are the college names ? Which of those have more than 18000 students enrolled ? Order them alphabetically . What is the name of every college in alphabetical order that has more than 18000 students enrolled?
What are the names of all the players ?
What are the names of all the players ? Which of those received a card ?
What are the names of all the players ? Which of those received a card ? Set them in descending order of hours spent training .
What are the names of all the players ? Which of those received a card ? Set them in descending order of hours spent training . What are the name of the players who received a card in descending order of the hours of training?
Order the information on tryouts by college name
Order the information on tryouts by college name What are the names of the colleges ?
Order the information on tryouts by college name What are the names of the colleges ? Make sure they are all unique .
Order the information on tryouts by college name What are the names of the colleges ? Make sure they are all unique . What are the different names of the colleges involved in the tryout in alphabetical order?
What information do you have for each position ?
What information do you have for each position ? How many players tried out for each position ?
What information do you have for each position ? How many players tried out for each position ? What was the most popular one ?
What information do you have for each position ? How many players tried out for each position ? What was the most popular one ? What was the most popular position at tryouts?
How many students participated in tryouts for each college ?
How many students participated in tryouts for each college ? Order them by number of participants .
How many students participated in tryouts for each college ? Order them by number of participants . Make sure it is in descending order .
How many students participated in tryouts for each college ? Order them by number of participants . Make sure it is in descending order . How many students participated in tryouts for each college by descennding count?
For each position , how much did each player practice ?
For each position , how much did each player practice ? What is the minimum for each position ?
For each position , how much did each player practice ? What is the minimum for each position ? For each position, what is the minimum time students spent practicing?
What are the names of each college ?
What are the names of each college ? List them in order of descending class size .
What are the names of each college ? List them in order of descending class size . What are the top 3 ?
What are the names of each college ? List them in order of descending class size . What are the top 3 ? What are the names of the schools with the top 3 largest class sizes?
Which colleges have students trying out ?
Which colleges have students trying out ? What are the different state they are located in ?
Which colleges have students trying out ? What are the different state they are located in ? What are the different states that have students trying out?
What are the name of the colleges that had students participate in tryouts ?
What are the name of the colleges that had students participate in tryouts ? Of those colleges , which had students that received a yes ?
What are the name of the colleges that had students participate in tryouts ? Of those colleges , which had students that received a yes ? What are the different states those colleges are located in ?
What are the name of the colleges that had students participate in tryouts ? Of those colleges , which had students that received a yes ? What are the different states those colleges are located in ? What are the different states that had students successfully try out?
What are all the players names ?
What are all the players names ? Which of those players tried out and received a yes ?
What are all the players names ? Which of those players tried out and received a yes ? Also , what colleges are they from ?
What are all the players names ? Which of those players tried out and received a yes ? Also , what colleges are they from ? What are the names of all the players who received a yes during tryouts, and also what are the names of their colleges?
What are the players ' names ?
What are the players ' names ? Which of them tried out ?
What are the players ' names ? Which of them tried out ? Sort the list alphabetically .
What are the players ' names ? Which of them tried out ? Sort the list alphabetically . What are the names of all students who tried out in alphabetical order?
What are the names of all players who participated in tryouts ?
What are the names of all players who participated in tryouts ? Which of those received a yes ?
What are the names of all players who participated in tryouts ? Which of those received a yes ? How many hours did each of them practice for ?
What are the names of all players who participated in tryouts ? Which of those received a yes ? How many hours did each of them practice for ? What are the names and hours spent practicing of every student who received a yes at tryouts?
Which colleges did the students who tried out for the position of striker attend ?
Which colleges did the students who tried out for the position of striker attend ? What states are those colleges located in ?
Which colleges did the students who tried out for the position of striker attend ? What states are those colleges located in ? What are the states of the colleges where students who tried out for the striker position attend?
What is every player 's name ?
What is every player 's name ? Which of those tried out for the position of striker ?
What is every player 's name ? Which of those tried out for the position of striker ? Of those , who made the team ?
What is every player 's name ? Which of those tried out for the position of striker ? Of those , who made the team ? What are the names of all students who successfully tried out for the position of striker?
What information is there on the player named Charles ?
What information is there on the player named Charles ? What college is he attending ?
What information is there on the player named Charles ? What college is he attending ? What state is that college located in ?
What information is there on the player named Charles ? What college is he attending ? What state is that college located in ? In which state is the college that Charles attends?
What are the player ids of all students who made the team ?
What are the player ids of all students who made the team ? What is the maximum number of hours they spent practicing ?
What are the player ids of all students who made the team ? What is the maximum number of hours they spent practicing ? What was the average ?
What are the player ids of all students who made the team ? What is the maximum number of hours they spent practicing ? What was the average ? What is the average and maximum number of hours students who made the team practiced?
Which players received a decision of no from tryouts ?
Which players received a decision of no from tryouts ? How many hours did they practice ?
Which players received a decision of no from tryouts ? How many hours did they practice ? What was the average ?
Which players received a decision of no from tryouts ? How many hours did they practice ? What was the average ? What is the average number of hours spent practicing for students who got rejected?
What information is there on students who spent more than 1000 hours training ?
What information is there on students who spent more than 1000 hours training ? For each position , how many hours did each student spent training ?
What information is there on students who spent more than 1000 hours training ? For each position , how many hours did each student spent training ? What was the maximum time spent for each position ?
What information is there on students who spent more than 1000 hours training ? For each position , how many hours did each student spent training ? What was the maximum time spent for each position ? For each position, what is the maximum number of  hours for students who spent more than 1000 hours training?
What are the player ids of every player whose name starts with D ?
What are the player ids of every player whose name starts with D ? Of those , who tried out ?
What are the player ids of every player whose name starts with D ? Of those , who tried out ? What college did they go to ?
What are the player ids of every player whose name starts with D ? Of those , who tried out ? What college did they go to ? Which colleges does each player with a name that starts with the letter D  who tried out go to?
What can you tell me about the students who made the team ?
What can you tell me about the students who made the team ? of those , who tried out for the position of goalie ?
What can you tell me about the students who made the team ? of those , who tried out for the position of goalie ? What college do they attend ?
What can you tell me about the students who made the team ? of those , who tried out for the position of goalie ? What college do they attend ? What college has a student who successfully made the team in the role of a goalie?
What are the names of players are from that college ?
What are the names of players are from that college ? Of those , who tried out for the team ?
What are the names of players are from that college ? Of those , who tried out for the team ? What are the names of all tryout participants who are from the largest college?
What are the names of colleges that have students who made the team ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who made the team ? How many students are enrolled in each of them ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who made the team ? How many students are enrolled in each of them ? Also , what are the different states in which those colleges reside ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who made the team ? How many students are enrolled in each of them ? Also , what are the different states in which those colleges reside ? How many students are enrolled in colleges that have student accepted during tryouts, and in which states are those colleges?
What are the names of colleges with less than 13,000 students ?
What are the names of colleges with less than 13,000 students ? Which of those are in AZ ?
What are the names of colleges with less than 13,000 students ? Which of those are in AZ ? Combine that with colleges in LA that have more than 15,000 students ?
What are the names of colleges with less than 13,000 students ? Which of those are in AZ ? Combine that with colleges in LA that have more than 15,000 students ? What are the names of colleges in LA that have more than 15,000 students and of colleges in AZ with less than 13,000 students?
What are the names of colleges that have students who tried out for the goalie ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who tried out for the goalie ? Of those , which also have students who tried out for the position of mid-field ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who tried out for the goalie ? Of those , which also have students who tried out for the position of mid-field ? What are the names of all schools that have students trying out for the position of goal and 'mid'-field.
What are the names of colleges that have students who tried out for the goalie ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who tried out for the goalie ? What states are they located in ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who tried out for the goalie ? What states are they located in ? Of those states , which also have colleges where students tried out for mid-field ?
What are the names of colleges that have students who tried out for the goalie ? What states are they located in ? Of those states , which also have colleges where students tried out for mid-field ? What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the positions of goalie and mid-field?
What are the names of colleges where students tried for the goalie position ?
What are the names of colleges where students tried for the goalie position ? Of those , which also had students that tried out for the mid position ?
What are the names of colleges where students tried for the goalie position ? Of those , which also had students that tried out for the mid position ? How many of them are there ?
What are the names of colleges where students tried for the goalie position ? Of those , which also had students that tried out for the mid position ? How many of them are there ? How many schools have students playing in goalie and mid-field positions?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ? What schools have players that tried out for the mid position ?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ? What schools have players that tried out for the mid position ? What are the names of schools that fit into the latter category but not the former ?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ? What schools have players that tried out for the mid position ? What are the names of schools that fit into the latter category but not the former ? What are the names of the schools with some players in the mid position but no goalies?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ? What schools have players that tried out for the mid position ?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ? What schools have players that tried out for the mid position ? In which states are the schools that fit into the latter category but not the former ?
What schools have players that tried out for goalies ? What schools have players that tried out for the mid position ? In which states are the schools that fit into the latter category but not the former ? What are the names of all the states with college students playing in the mid position but no goalies?
What schools have players that tried out for the mid position but not as goalies ?
What schools have players that tried out for the mid position but not as goalies ? In which states do those schools reside ?
What schools have players that tried out for the mid position but not as goalies ? In which states do those schools reside ? How many of them exist ?
What schools have players that tried out for the mid position but not as goalies ? In which states do those schools reside ? How many of them exist ? What is the count of states with college students playing in the mid position but not as goalies?
What information is there on colleges in Florida ?
What information is there on colleges in Florida ? What is their maximum enrollment size ?
What information is there on colleges in Florida ? What is their maximum enrollment size ? What is the name of every college that is larger than that ?
What information is there on colleges in Florida ? What is their maximum enrollment size ? What is the name of every college that is larger than that ? What are the names of all colleges with a larger enrollment than the largest college in Florida?
What are the names of all colleges with students who tried out for the position of goalie ?
What are the names of all colleges with students who tried out for the position of goalie ? What is the number of people enrolled in all the other colleges ?
What are the names of all colleges with students who tried out for the position of goalie ? What is the number of people enrolled in all the other colleges ? How many is that in total ?
What are the names of all colleges with students who tried out for the position of goalie ? What is the number of people enrolled in all the other colleges ? How many is that in total ? What is the total number of students enrolled in schools without any goalies?
What is the average number of students enrolled per college ?
What is the average number of students enrolled per college ? What are the states that have larger colleges than that ?
What is the average number of students enrolled per college ? What are the states that have larger colleges than that ? How many of them are there ?
What is the average number of students enrolled per college ? What are the states that have larger colleges than that ? How many of them are there ? How many states have a college with more students than average?
What is the average number of students per college ?
What is the average number of students per college ? What states have colleges that are smaller than that ?
What is the average number of students per college ? What states have colleges that are smaller than that ? How many of them are there ?
What is the average number of students per college ? What states have colleges that are smaller than that ? How many of them are there ? How many states have smaller colleges than average?
show the name and hours for each project .
show the name and hours for each project . how many projects are there ?
show the name and hours for each project . how many projects are there ? what is the average number of hours spent on each project ?
show the name and hours for each project . how many projects are there ? what is the average number of hours spent on each project ? Find the name of project with the longest duration .
show the name and hours for each project . how many projects are there ? what is the average number of hours spent on each project ? Find the name of project with the longest duration . Find the name of project that continues for the longest time.
what is average duration of all projects ?
what is average duration of all projects ? what about the maximum and minimum duration ?
what is average duration of all projects ? what about the maximum and minimum duration ? how many projects have operated longer than the average duration ?
what is average duration of all projects ? what about the maximum and minimum duration ? how many projects have operated longer than the average duration ? what are their names ?
what is average duration of all projects ? what about the maximum and minimum duration ? how many projects have operated longer than the average duration ? what are their names ? List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects.
find the names of all projects .
find the names of all projects . how many scientists were assigned to each of them ?
find the names of all projects . how many scientists were assigned to each of them ? which one has the most scientists ?
find the names of all projects . how many scientists were assigned to each of them ? which one has the most scientists ? show how much time has already been spent on it as well .
find the names of all projects . how many scientists were assigned to each of them ? which one has the most scientists ? show how much time has already been spent on it as well . Find the name and hours of project that has the most number of scientists.
show info of all scientists .
show info of all scientists . find those scientists whose name contains Smith .
show info of all scientists . find those scientists whose name contains Smith . Find the names of the projects that they are assigned to .
show info of all scientists . find those scientists whose name contains Smith . Find the names of the projects that they are assigned to . Find the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains Smith is assigned to.
show the names of all scientists .
show the names of all scientists . find the ssn of scientists named Michael Rogers and Carol Smith .
show the names of all scientists . find the ssn of scientists named Michael Rogers and Carol Smith . what are the names of projects that they are assigned to ?
show the names of all scientists . find the ssn of scientists named Michael Rogers and Carol Smith . what are the names of projects that they are assigned to ? how many hours in total have been spent on these projects ?
show the names of all scientists . find the ssn of scientists named Michael Rogers and Carol Smith . what are the names of projects that they are assigned to ? how many hours in total have been spent on these projects ? Find the total hours of the projects that scientists named Michael Rogers or Carol Smith are assigned to.
what is the number of hours spent on the project named 'Matter of Time ?
what is the number of hours spent on the project named 'Matter of Time ? Find the names of the scientists who worked on this project .
what is the number of hours spent on the project named 'Matter of Time ? Find the names of the scientists who worked on this project . which of those scientists were also involved in the project named 'A Puzzling Parallax ' ?
what is the number of hours spent on the project named 'Matter of Time ? Find the names of the scientists who worked on this project . which of those scientists were also involved in the project named 'A Puzzling Parallax ' ? Find the name of the scientist who worked on both a project named 'A Matter of Time' and a project named 'A Puzzling Parallax'.
how many scientists are in the table ?
how many scientists are in the table ? how many projects are there
how many scientists are in the table ? how many projects are there list all of the project names .
how many scientists are in the table ? how many projects are there list all of the project names . Find the number of scientists involved in each of them .
how many scientists are in the table ? how many projects are there list all of the project names . Find the number of scientists involved in each of them . Find the number of scientists involved for each project name.
how many scientists are in the table ?
how many scientists are in the table ? how many of them are assigned to a project ?
how many scientists are in the table ? how many of them are assigned to a project ? among them , how many are involved for the projects that require less than 1000 hours . List project names .
how many scientists are in the table ? how many of them are assigned to a project ? among them , how many are involved for the projects that require less than 1000 hours . List project names . how about for the projects that require more than 300 hours ?
how many scientists are in the table ? how many of them are assigned to a project ? among them , how many are involved for the projects that require less than 1000 hours . List project names . how about for the projects that require more than 300 hours ? Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours.
find the names of scientists who are assigned to any projects .
find the names of scientists who are assigned to any projects . Find the number of projects each of those scientists is working on .
find the names of scientists who are assigned to any projects . Find the number of projects each of those scientists is working on . Find the number of projects which each scientist is working on and scientist's name.
find the hours spent on the project that has continued for the longest time .
find the hours spent on the project that has continued for the longest time . what is the name of this project ?
find the hours spent on the project that has continued for the longest time . what is the name of this project ? Find the SSN and name of scientists who are assigned to it .
find the hours spent on the project that has continued for the longest time . what is the name of this project ? Find the SSN and name of scientists who are assigned to it . Find the SSN and name of scientists who are assigned to the project with the longest hours.
how many projects are there ?
how many projects are there ? among them , how many are not assigned yet ?
how many projects are there ? among them , how many are not assigned yet ? what are the names of these projects ?
how many projects are there ? among them , how many are not assigned yet ? what are the names of these projects ? Select the project names which are not assigned yet.
list the name of all scientists .
list the name of all scientists . which of them are assigned to any project ? List their names
list the name of all scientists . which of them are assigned to any project ? List their names how many of those scientists are there ?
list the name of all scientists . which of them are assigned to any project ? List their names how many of those scientists are there ? Find the names of those who are not assigned to a project yet .
list the name of all scientists . which of them are assigned to any project ? List their names how many of those scientists are there ? Find the names of those who are not assigned to a project yet . Find the name of scientists who are not assigned to any project.
find the names of scientists who are assigned to any project .
find the names of scientists who are assigned to any project . how about those who are not involved in any project ?
find the names of scientists who are assigned to any project . how about those who are not involved in any project ? count the number of those scientists .
find the names of scientists who are assigned to any project . how about those who are not involved in any project ? count the number of those scientists . Find the number of scientists who are not assigned to any project.
find the name of the project that has taken the most time .
find the name of the project that has taken the most time . how may hours have been spent on it ?
find the name of the project that has taken the most time . how may hours have been spent on it ? how many scientists are working on the project ?
find the name of the project that has taken the most time . how may hours have been spent on it ? how many scientists are working on the project ? what are their names ?
find the name of the project that has taken the most time . how may hours have been spent on it ? how many scientists are working on the project ? what are their names ? how about those who are not involved in it ? List their names .
find the name of the project that has taken the most time . how may hours have been spent on it ? how many scientists are working on the project ? what are their names ? how about those who are not involved in it ? List their names . Find the names of scientists who are not working on the project with the highest hours.
List all the scientists ' names and their projects ' names
List all the scientists ' names and their projects ' names show the hours worked by them on each project .
List all the scientists ' names and their projects ' names show the hours worked by them on each project . list the results in alphabetical order of project name , and then scientist name .
List all the scientists ' names and their projects ' names show the hours worked by them on each project . list the results in alphabetical order of project name , and then scientist name . List all the scientists' names, their projects' names, and the hours worked by that scientist on each project, in alphabetical order of project name, and then scientist name.
What categories of products are there ?
What categories of products are there ? Show their typical buying and selling price as well .
What categories of products are there ? Show their typical buying and selling price as well . Show only for products with category `` Herbs '' .
What categories of products are there ? Show their typical buying and selling price as well . Show only for products with category `` Herbs '' . Of these , just give the name and product description .
What categories of products are there ? Show their typical buying and selling price as well . Show only for products with category `` Herbs '' . Of these , just give the name and product description . Give the color descriptions as well .
What categories of products are there ? Show their typical buying and selling price as well . Show only for products with category `` Herbs '' . Of these , just give the name and product description . Give the color descriptions as well . List the names, color descriptions and product descriptions of products with category "Herbs".
Which products have category `` Herbs ''
Which products have category `` Herbs '' How about category `` Spices '' instead
Which products have category `` Herbs '' How about category `` Spices '' instead How many are these ?
Which products have category `` Herbs '' How about category `` Spices '' instead How many are these ? Restrict the count of those to the ones typically bought below 100 .
Which products have category `` Herbs '' How about category `` Spices '' instead How many are these ? Restrict the count of those to the ones typically bought below 100 . Restrict to the ones typically sold above 1000 instead .
Which products have category `` Herbs '' How about category `` Spices '' instead How many are these ? Restrict the count of those to the ones typically bought below 100 . Restrict to the ones typically sold above 1000 instead . Find the number of products with category "Spices" and typically sold above 1000.
What are the product descriptions ?
What are the product descriptions ? What are the names of products with product description `` eius ''
What are the product descriptions ? What are the names of products with product description `` eius '' How about those with color description `` yellow ''
What are the product descriptions ? What are the names of products with product description `` eius '' How about those with color description `` yellow '' What is the name of the product with the color description 'yellow'?
Which color descriptions contain the letter 't ' ?
Which color descriptions contain the letter 't ' ? Give for product descriptions instead ?
Which color descriptions contain the letter 't ' ? Give for product descriptions instead ? What are the units of measure for these products ?
Which color descriptions contain the letter 't ' ? Give for product descriptions instead ? What are the units of measure for these products ? Give their category descriptions instead .
Which color descriptions contain the letter 't ' ? Give for product descriptions instead ? What are the units of measure for these products ? Give their category descriptions instead . Find the category descriptions of the products whose descriptions include letter 't'.
What are the typical buying prices of the products ?
What are the typical buying prices of the products ? Give this for the product with name `` cumin ''
What are the typical buying prices of the products ? Give this for the product with name `` cumin '' How about for the name `` catnip '' instead ?
What are the typical buying prices of the products ? Give this for the product with name `` cumin '' How about for the name `` catnip '' instead ? Give the color description instead .
What are the typical buying prices of the products ? Give this for the product with name `` cumin '' How about for the name `` catnip '' instead ? Give the color description instead . What is the color description of the product with name "catnip"?
What are the product descriptions ?
What are the product descriptions ? For the one with the name `` chervil '' ?
What are the product descriptions ? For the one with the name `` chervil '' ? Give the color description instead .
What are the product descriptions ? For the one with the name `` chervil '' ? Give the color description instead . Show the color code as well .
What are the product descriptions ? For the one with the name `` chervil '' ? Give the color description instead . Show the color code as well . What is the color code and description of the product named "chervil"?
What are the product characteristic ?
What are the product characteristic ? What are the names of the products that have only one product characteristic ?
What are the product characteristic ? What are the names of the products that have only one product characteristic ? Give their color descriptions and their product id instead .
What are the product characteristic ? What are the names of the products that have only one product characteristic ? Give their color descriptions and their product id instead . How about for those that have least 2 product characteristics .
What are the product characteristic ? What are the names of the products that have only one product characteristic ? Give their color descriptions and their product id instead . How about for those that have least 2 product characteristics . Find the id and color description of the products with at least 2 characteristics.
What are the color descriptions ?
What are the color descriptions ? Show the corresponding product names .
What are the color descriptions ? Show the corresponding product names . Filter for only the ones with color `` black ''
What are the color descriptions ? Show the corresponding product names . Filter for only the ones with color `` black '' Now for color `` white '' instead .
What are the color descriptions ? Show the corresponding product names . Filter for only the ones with color `` black '' Now for color `` white '' instead . Show only the product names instead .
What are the color descriptions ? Show the corresponding product names . Filter for only the ones with color `` black '' Now for color `` white '' instead . Show only the product names instead . List all the product names with the color description "white".
What are the names of products and their corresponding colors ?
What are the names of products and their corresponding colors ? Filter to show only the ones with `` green '' color .
What are the names of products and their corresponding colors ? Filter to show only the ones with `` green '' color . Show the ones that have `` yellow '' color instead .
What are the names of products and their corresponding colors ? Filter to show only the ones with `` green '' color . Show the ones that have `` yellow '' color instead . Instead of showing the color description , show their typical buying and selling prices .
What are the names of products and their corresponding colors ? Filter to show only the ones with `` green '' color . Show the ones that have `` yellow '' color instead . Instead of showing the color description , show their typical buying and selling prices . What are the name and typical buying and selling prices of the products that have color described as "yellow"?
What is the selling price of the product named `` sesame '' ?
What is the selling price of the product named `` sesame '' ? What is its color ?
What is the selling price of the product named `` sesame '' ? What is its color ? What are its product characteristic values ?
What is the selling price of the product named `` sesame '' ? What is its color ? What are its product characteristic values ? Count how many there are .
What is the selling price of the product named `` sesame '' ? What is its color ? What are its product characteristic values ? Count how many there are . How many characteristics does the product named "sesame" have?
What is the buying price of the product named `` cumin '' ?
What is the buying price of the product named `` cumin '' ? What are its product characteristic values ?
What is the buying price of the product named `` cumin '' ? What are its product characteristic values ? Show its characteristic names .
What is the buying price of the product named `` cumin '' ? What are its product characteristic values ? Show its characteristic names . Count how many distinct ones there are .
What is the buying price of the product named `` cumin '' ? What are its product characteristic values ? Show its characteristic names . Count how many distinct ones there are . How many distinct characteristic names does the product "cumin" have?
What is the product category code for the product named `` ginger '' ?
What is the product category code for the product named `` ginger '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead .
What is the product category code for the product named `` ginger '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead . How about the one with product named `` sesame ''
What is the product category code for the product named `` ginger '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead . How about the one with product named `` sesame '' Give its characteristic names .
What is the product category code for the product named `` ginger '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead . How about the one with product named `` sesame '' Give its characteristic names . What are all the characteristic names of product "sesame"?
What is the product description of the product named `` catnip '' ?
What is the product description of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead .
What is the product description of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead . Now show its characteristic data type .
What is the product description of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead . Now show its characteristic data type . Show this for the product name `` cumin '' instead .
What is the product description of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead . Now show its characteristic data type . Show this for the product name `` cumin '' instead . Give the characteristic name as well .
What is the product description of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show the product characteristic value instead . Now show its characteristic data type . Show this for the product name `` cumin '' instead . Give the characteristic name as well . List all the characteristic names and data types of product "cumin".
What are the selling prices of the products ?
What are the selling prices of the products ? What about for those that have product characteristic value `` high '' ?
What are the selling prices of the products ? What about for those that have product characteristic value `` high '' ? What about for those that have characteristic type code `` Grade '' ?
What are the selling prices of the products ? What about for those that have product characteristic value `` high '' ? What about for those that have characteristic type code `` Grade '' ? Of those , filter down to those that are product name `` sesame '' as well .
What are the selling prices of the products ? What about for those that have product characteristic value `` high '' ? What about for those that have characteristic type code `` Grade '' ? Of those , filter down to those that are product name `` sesame '' as well . Give the characteristic names instead .
What are the selling prices of the products ? What about for those that have product characteristic value `` high '' ? What about for those that have characteristic type code `` Grade '' ? Of those , filter down to those that are product name `` sesame '' as well . Give the characteristic names instead . List all characteristics of product named "sesame" with type code "Grade".
What are the product characteristic values of the product named `` laurel '' ?
What are the product characteristic values of the product named `` laurel '' ? Give the characteristic name instead .
What are the product characteristic values of the product named `` laurel '' ? Give the characteristic name instead . How many are there ?
What are the product characteristic values of the product named `` laurel '' ? Give the characteristic name instead . How many are there ? How many characteristics does the product named "laurel" have?
What is the typical selling price of the product `` catnip '' ?
What is the typical selling price of the product `` catnip '' ? What about the product `` flax '' ?
What is the typical selling price of the product `` catnip '' ? What about the product `` flax '' ? What are its characteristics ?
What is the typical selling price of the product `` catnip '' ? What about the product `` flax '' ? What are its characteristics ? How many are there ?
What is the typical selling price of the product `` catnip '' ? What about the product `` flax '' ? What are its characteristics ? How many are there ? Find the number of characteristics that the product "flax" has.
What is the name of products with selling price > 1000
What is the name of products with selling price > 1000 What about for products with characteristic name `` slow ''
What is the name of products with selling price > 1000 What about for products with characteristic name `` slow '' For characteristic name `` fast '' instead ?
What is the name of products with selling price > 1000 What about for products with characteristic name `` slow '' For characteristic name `` fast '' instead ? Show the ones that also have color description red .
What is the name of products with selling price > 1000 What about for products with characteristic name `` slow '' For characteristic name `` fast '' instead ? Show the ones that also have color description red . Find the name of the products that have the color description "red" and have the characteristic name "fast".
What are the names of the products with color `` red '' ?
What are the names of the products with color `` red '' ? How many are there ?
What are the names of the products with color `` red '' ? How many are there ? What about for those with characteristic named `` hot '' instead ?
What are the names of the products with color `` red '' ? How many are there ? What about for those with characteristic named `` hot '' instead ? How many products have the characteristic named "hot"?
What are the names of the products that have buying price < 100
What are the names of the products that have buying price < 100 Show their distinct names .
What are the names of the products that have buying price < 100 Show their distinct names . What about for those with color `` black '' ?
What are the names of the products that have buying price < 100 Show their distinct names . What about for those with color `` black '' ? For the characteristic name `` warm '' instead ?
What are the names of the products that have buying price < 100 Show their distinct names . What about for those with color `` black '' ? For the characteristic name `` warm '' instead ? List the all the distinct names of the products with the characteristic name 'warm'.
What are the buying prices of the products with selling price < 500 ?
What are the buying prices of the products with selling price < 500 ? Show their names instead .
What are the buying prices of the products with selling price < 500 ? Show their names instead . Of those , narrow down to ones with color `` red '' as well .
What are the buying prices of the products with selling price < 500 ? Show their names instead . Of those , narrow down to ones with color `` red '' as well . Remove the restriction of selling price .
What are the buying prices of the products with selling price < 500 ? Show their names instead . Of those , narrow down to ones with color `` red '' as well . Remove the restriction of selling price . How many are there ?
What are the buying prices of the products with selling price < 500 ? Show their names instead . Of those , narrow down to ones with color `` red '' as well . Remove the restriction of selling price . How many are there ? Restrict also to those with characteristic named `` slow '' as well .
What are the buying prices of the products with selling price < 500 ? Show their names instead . Of those , narrow down to ones with color `` red '' as well . Remove the restriction of selling price . How many are there ? Restrict also to those with characteristic named `` slow '' as well . Find the number of the products that have their color described as "red" and have a characteristic named "slow".
Show the names of products that have buying price > 100
Show the names of products that have buying price > 100 How many are there ?
Show the names of products that have buying price > 100 How many are there ? What about for those with color description `` red '' ?
Show the names of products that have buying price > 100 How many are there ? What about for those with color description `` red '' ? Show the ones with color description `` white '' instead .
Show the names of products that have buying price > 100 How many are there ? What about for those with color description `` red '' ? Show the ones with color description `` white '' instead . They can also be having the characteristic name `` hot '' .
Show the names of products that have buying price > 100 How many are there ? What about for those with color description `` red '' ? Show the ones with color description `` white '' instead . They can also be having the characteristic name `` hot '' . Count the products that have the color description "white" or have the characteristic name "hot".
What is the typical selling price of the product named `` catnip '' ?
What is the typical selling price of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show its color description instead .
What is the typical selling price of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show its color description instead . Give its unit of measurement instead .
What is the typical selling price of the product named `` catnip '' ? Show its color description instead . Give its unit of measurement instead . What is the unit of measurement of product named "cumin"?
What is the color of the product named `` ginger '' ?
What is the color of the product named `` ginger '' ? Show its unit of measurement instead .
What is the color of the product named `` ginger '' ? Show its unit of measurement instead . Give the product category code as well .
What is the color of the product named `` ginger '' ? Show its unit of measurement instead . Give the product category code as well . Do this for the product named `` chervil '' instead .
What is the color of the product named `` ginger '' ? Show its unit of measurement instead . Give the product category code as well . Do this for the product named `` chervil '' instead . Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named "chervil".
What are the product names that are not product category code `` Herbs '' ?
What are the product names that are not product category code `` Herbs '' ? Show the same , but for those with unit of measurement `` Handful '' instead .
What are the product names that are not product category code `` Herbs '' ? Show the same , but for those with unit of measurement `` Handful '' instead . What about the opposite condition ?
What are the product names that are not product category code `` Herbs '' ? Show the same , but for those with unit of measurement `` Handful '' instead . What about the opposite condition ? Of these , show for the ones that are colored `` white '' too .
What are the product names that are not product category code `` Herbs '' ? Show the same , but for those with unit of measurement `` Handful '' instead . What about the opposite condition ? Of these , show for the ones that are colored `` white '' too . Find the product names that are colored 'white' but do not have unit of measurement "Handful".
What are the product names in decreasing order of typical selling price ?
What are the product names in decreasing order of typical selling price ? Order by decreasing order of color frequency instead .
What are the product names in decreasing order of typical selling price ? Order by decreasing order of color frequency instead . Show their respective color descriptions .
What are the product names in decreasing order of typical selling price ? Order by decreasing order of color frequency instead . Show their respective color descriptions . Show only for the most frequent color description .
What are the product names in decreasing order of typical selling price ? Order by decreasing order of color frequency instead . Show their respective color descriptions . Show only for the most frequent color description . What is the description of the color for most products?
What is the most frequent product category code of the products ?
What is the most frequent product category code of the products ? What about the color description instead ?
What is the most frequent product category code of the products ? What about the color description instead ? Give the least frequent now .
What is the most frequent product category code of the products ? What about the color description instead ? Give the least frequent now . What is the description of the color used by least products?
What are the product category codes used of the products ?
What are the product category codes used of the products ? What is the ones used most frequently ?
What are the product category codes used of the products ? What is the ones used most frequently ? What about for the characteristic name instead ?
What are the product category codes used of the products ? What is the ones used most frequently ? What about for the characteristic name instead ? What is the characteristic name used by most number of the products?
What are the names , details and data types of the characteristics ?
What are the names , details and data types of the characteristics ? Show these for the ones used in products .
What are the names , details and data types of the characteristics ? Show these for the ones used in products . Show the ones that are not used .
What are the names , details and data types of the characteristics ? Show these for the ones used in products . Show the ones that are not used . What are the names, details and data types of the characteristics which are never used by any product?
What are the color descriptions ?
What are the color descriptions ? Which ones are used only once across all the products ?
What are the color descriptions ? Which ones are used only once across all the products ? How about for the characteristic names ?
What are the color descriptions ? Which ones are used only once across all the products ? How about for the characteristic names ? Show the ones that are used at least twice .
What are the color descriptions ? Which ones are used only once across all the products ? How about for the characteristic names ? Show the ones that are used at least twice . What are characteristic names used at least twice across all products?
List all channel names .
List all channel names . Order them by rating ratio from highest to lowest .
List all channel names . Order them by rating ratio from highest to lowest . Which one has the highest rating ?
List all channel names . Order them by rating ratio from highest to lowest . Which one has the highest rating ? Who is the owner ?
List all channel names . Order them by rating ratio from highest to lowest . Which one has the highest rating ? Who is the owner ? What is the owner of the channel that has the highest rating ratio?
What are the program names ?
What are the program names ? Order by launch date from most recent to least recent .
What are the program names ? Order by launch date from most recent to least recent . Which one was launched most recently ?
What are the program names ? Order by launch date from most recent to least recent . Which one was launched most recently ? find the name of the program that was launched most recently.
List all channel names .
List all channel names . When are they broadcasted ?
List all channel names . When are they broadcasted ? Which ones are broadcasted in the morning ?
List all channel names . When are they broadcasted ? Which ones are broadcasted in the morning ? Find the names of the channels that are broadcast in the morning.
Please list the names of all channels .
Please list the names of all channels . Include the time of day that they are broadcasted .
Please list the names of all channels . Include the time of day that they are broadcasted . Which ones broadcast in the morning ?
Please list the names of all channels . Include the time of day that they are broadcasted . Which ones broadcast in the morning ? Out of those channels , which ones also broadcast at night ?
Please list the names of all channels . Include the time of day that they are broadcasted . Which ones broadcast in the morning ? Out of those channels , which ones also broadcast at night ? what are the names of the channels that broadcast in both morning and night?
What are the names of all programs ?
What are the names of all programs ? When are they broadcasted ?
What are the names of all programs ? When are they broadcasted ? Which ones are broadcasted in the morning ?
What are the names of all programs ? When are they broadcasted ? Which ones are broadcasted in the morning ? What about the ones that are not broadcasted in the morning ?
What are the names of all programs ? When are they broadcasted ? Which ones are broadcasted in the morning ? What about the ones that are not broadcasted in the morning ? Find the names of programs that are never broadcasted in the morning.
List the names of all programs .
List the names of all programs . Include their broadcast times .
List the names of all programs . Include their broadcast times . Which ones are broadcasted in both morning and night ?
List the names of all programs . Include their broadcast times . Which ones are broadcasted in both morning and night ? Who are the owners of these programs ?
List the names of all programs . Include their broadcast times . Which ones are broadcasted in both morning and night ? Who are the owners of these programs ? find the program owners that have some programs in both morning and night time.
List the names of all channels .
List the names of all channels . Which channels are owned by CCTV ?
List the names of all channels . Which channels are owned by CCTV ? Include those owned by HBS .
List the names of all channels . Which channels are owned by CCTV ? Include those owned by HBS . What are the names of the channels owned by CCTV or HBS?
How many events are there in the record ?
How many events are there in the record ? Show me their names .
How many events are there in the record ? Show me their names . Which ones happened in the most recent year ?
How many events are there in the record ? Show me their names . Which ones happened in the most recent year ? What is the name of the event that happened in the most recent year?
How many stadiums are there in the system ?
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ?
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ? Show me the one with maximum capacity .
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ? Show me the one with maximum capacity . Find the name of the stadium that has the maximum capacity.
How many stadiums are there in the system ?
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ?
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ? Give me their capacities .
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ? Give me their capacities . What is the average capacity ?
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ? Give me their capacities . What is the average capacity ? Show me the stadiums whose capacity is smaller than that .
How many stadiums are there in the system ? What are their names ? Give me their capacities . What is the average capacity ? Show me the stadiums whose capacity is smaller than that . Find the names of stadiums whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity.
How many stadiums are there in file ?
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ?
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ? Show me the country with the most of them .
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ? Show me the country with the most of them . Find the country that has the most stadiums.
How many stadiums are there in file ?
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ?
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ? Show me the countries with at most three .
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ? Show me the countries with at most three . Which country has at most 3 stadiums listed?
How many stadiums are there in file ?
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ?
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ? Show me the countries that have stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 .
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ? Show me the countries that have stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 . Among them , which ones also have stadiums with capacity less than 50000 .
How many stadiums are there in file ? What about in terms of different countries ? Show me the countries that have stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 . Among them , which ones also have stadiums with capacity less than 50000 . Which country has both stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 and stadiums with capacity less than 50000?
Show me the name of all stadiums .
Show me the name of all stadiums . What about their opening years ?
Show me the name of all stadiums . What about their opening years ? Only list those opened after 2006 .
Show me the name of all stadiums . What about their opening years ? Only list those opened after 2006 . Show me the countries which has any of those stadiums .
Show me the name of all stadiums . What about their opening years ? Only list those opened after 2006 . Show me the countries which has any of those stadiums . What about the countries in file that are not among them .
Show me the name of all stadiums . What about their opening years ? Only list those opened after 2006 . Show me the countries which has any of those stadiums . What about the countries in file that are not among them . Which countries do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006?
How many swimmers are there in record ?
How many swimmers are there in record ? What about in terms of nationality ?
How many swimmers are there in record ? What about in terms of nationality ? Show me the countries with more than one .
How many swimmers are there in record ? What about in terms of nationality ? Show me the countries with more than one . List countries that have more than one swimmer.
How many swimming records are there ?
How many swimming records are there ? How many of them have a result of win ?
How many swimming records are there ? How many of them have a result of win ? Show me the swimmer ids in those records .
How many swimming records are there ? How many of them have a result of win ? Show me the swimmer ids in those records . What are their names ?
How many swimming records are there ? How many of them have a result of win ? Show me the swimmer ids in those records . What are their names ? Find the names of swimmers who has a result of "win".
How many events are there ?
How many events are there ? What about in terms of stadiums ?
How many events are there ? What about in terms of stadiums ? Give me the name of the one that held the most of them .
How many events are there ? What about in terms of stadiums ? Give me the name of the one that held the most of them . What is the name of the stadium which held the most events?
How many events are there ?
How many events are there ? What are their names ?
How many events are there ? What are their names ? Show me the name of the stadium that held World Junior event .
How many events are there ? What are their names ? Show me the name of the stadium that held World Junior event . Find the name and capacity of the stadium where the event named "World Junior" happened.
How many events are there ?
How many events are there ? Give me the id of stadiums that have held any of them .
How many events are there ? Give me the id of stadiums that have held any of them . What about the stadium ids in file that are not among those ?
How many events are there ? Give me the id of stadiums that have held any of them . What about the stadium ids in file that are not among those ? Show me their names .
How many events are there ? Give me the id of stadiums that have held any of them . What about the stadium ids in file that are not among those ? Show me their names . Find the names of stadiums which have never had any event.
How many swimming records are there in the system ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me the one with the most of them .
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me the one with the most of them . Give me that swimmer 's name .
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me the one with the most of them . Give me that swimmer 's name . Find the name of the swimmer who has the most records.
How many swimming records are there in the system ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me those with at least two .
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me those with at least two . What about their names ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about that in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me those with at least two . What about their names ? Find the name of the swimmer who has at least 2 records.
How many swimming records are there in the system ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about swimming records of a result Win ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about swimming records of a result Win ? What about in terms of swimmer ids ?
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about swimming records of a result Win ? What about in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me those with more than one .
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about swimming records of a result Win ? What about in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me those with more than one . Show me their names and nationalities .
How many swimming records are there in the system ? What about swimming records of a result Win ? What about in terms of swimmer ids ? Show me those with more than one . Show me their names and nationalities . Find the name and nationality of the swimmer who has won (i.e., has a result of "win") more than 1 time.
How many swimming records are there ?
How many swimming records are there ? Show me the swimmer ids associated with any of those record .
How many swimming records are there ? Show me the swimmer ids associated with any of those record . What about the swimmer ids that are not one of those ?
How many swimming records are there ? Show me the swimmer ids associated with any of those record . What about the swimmer ids that are not one of those ? Show me those swimmers ' names .
How many swimming records are there ? Show me the swimmer ids associated with any of those record . What about the swimmer ids that are not one of those ? Show me those swimmers ' names . Find the names of the swimmers who have no record.
How many swimming records are there ?
How many swimming records are there ? What about records that have results `` Win '' ?
How many swimming records are there ? What about records that have results `` Win '' ? Show me the name of the swimmers who have any of those records .
How many swimming records are there ? What about records that have results `` Win '' ? Show me the name of the swimmers who have any of those records . Among those swimmers , who also have any records with results `` Loss '' ?
How many swimming records are there ? What about records that have results `` Win '' ? Show me the name of the swimmers who have any of those records . Among those swimmers , who also have any records with results `` Loss '' ? Find the names of the swimmers who have both "win" and "loss" results in the record.
How many stadiums are there ?
How many stadiums are there ? How many Australian swimmers are there in the record ?
How many stadiums are there ? How many Australian swimmers are there in the record ? Show me the stadiums any of those swimmers have been to .
How many stadiums are there ? How many Australian swimmers are there in the record ? Show me the stadiums any of those swimmers have been to . Find the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to.
What is the average market rate for furniture ?
What is the average market rate for furniture ? Show each furniture id number and its corresponding market_rate .
What is the average market rate for furniture ? Show each furniture id number and its corresponding market_rate . Which one has the lowest market_rate ?
What is the average market rate for furniture ? Show each furniture id number and its corresponding market_rate . Which one has the lowest market_rate ? Which one has the highest ?
What is the average market rate for furniture ? Show each furniture id number and its corresponding market_rate . Which one has the lowest market_rate ? Which one has the highest ? Also show its name .
What is the average market rate for furniture ? Show each furniture id number and its corresponding market_rate . Which one has the lowest market_rate ? Which one has the highest ? Also show its name . Return the name and id of the furniture with the highest market rate.
What are the names of the 5 furniture items with the highest market rates ?
What are the names of the 5 furniture items with the highest market rates ? How about the top 2 ?
What are the names of the 5 furniture items with the highest market rates ? How about the top 2 ? What are their market rates ?
What are the names of the 5 furniture items with the highest market rates ? How about the top 2 ? What are their market rates ? How about the sum ?
What are the names of the 5 furniture items with the highest market rates ? How about the top 2 ? What are their market rates ? How about the sum ? Find the total market rate of the furnitures that have the top 2 market shares.
Show all information for the lowest market-rate furniture item .
Show all information for the lowest market-rate furniture item . What is its id number ?
Show all information for the lowest market-rate furniture item . What is its id number ? How many components does it have ?
Show all information for the lowest market-rate furniture item . What is its id number ? How many components does it have ? Also show its name .
Show all information for the lowest market-rate furniture item . What is its id number ? How many components does it have ? Also show its name . Find the name and component amount of the least popular furniture.
What is the highest dollar price among the furniture ?
What is the highest dollar price among the furniture ? Show manufacture information for items with a lower price than this .
What is the highest dollar price among the furniture ? Show manufacture information for items with a lower price than this . Show only their furniture_id numbers .
What is the highest dollar price among the furniture ? Show manufacture information for items with a lower price than this . Show only their furniture_id numbers . What are the names of these items ?
What is the highest dollar price among the furniture ? Show manufacture information for items with a lower price than this . Show only their furniture_id numbers . What are the names of these items ? Find the names of furnitures whose prices are lower than the highest price.
What is the average number of shops for manufacturers ?
What is the average number of shops for manufacturers ? How about the minimum ?
What is the average number of shops for manufacturers ? How about the minimum ? Which manufacturer has the fewest shops ?
What is the average number of shops for manufacturers ? How about the minimum ? Which manufacturer has the fewest shops ? Only show the year it opened and the name of the manufacturer .
What is the average number of shops for manufacturers ? How about the minimum ? Which manufacturer has the fewest shops ? Only show the year it opened and the name of the manufacturer . Which manufacturer has the most number of shops? List its name and year of opening.
How many different manufacturers are there ?
How many different manufacturers are there ? How many of them have fewer than 10 factories ?
How many different manufacturers are there ? How many of them have fewer than 10 factories ? Show their names and the years they opened .
How many different manufacturers are there ? How many of them have fewer than 10 factories ? Show their names and the years they opened . Also include those that have more than 10 shops .
How many different manufacturers are there ? How many of them have fewer than 10 factories ? Show their names and the years they opened . Also include those that have more than 10 shops . Give me the name and year of opening of the manufacturers that have either less than 10 factories or more than 10 shops.
Show information for manufacturers that opened on or after 1990 .
Show information for manufacturers that opened on or after 1990 . How about before 1990 ?
Show information for manufacturers that opened on or after 1990 . How about before 1990 ? What is the maximim number of shops among these manufacturers ?
Show information for manufacturers that opened on or after 1990 . How about before 1990 ? What is the maximim number of shops among these manufacturers ? Also show the average number of factories for this group .
Show information for manufacturers that opened on or after 1990 . How about before 1990 ? What is the maximim number of shops among these manufacturers ? Also show the average number of factories for this group . what is the average number of factories and maximum number of shops for manufacturers that opened before 1990.
What is the furniture id number of the most expensive furniture ?
What is the furniture id number of the most expensive furniture ? How about the manufacturer number ?
What is the furniture id number of the most expensive furniture ? How about the manufacturer number ? What is the name of the manufacturer ?
What is the furniture id number of the most expensive furniture ? How about the manufacturer number ? What is the name of the manufacturer ? Also show how many shops they have .
What is the furniture id number of the most expensive furniture ? How about the manufacturer number ? What is the name of the manufacturer ? Also show how many shops they have . Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture.
How many distinct manufacturers are there ?
How many distinct manufacturers are there ? How many produce furniture ?
How many distinct manufacturers are there ? How many produce furniture ? What are their names ?
How many distinct manufacturers are there ? How many produce furniture ? What are their names ? Also show how many furniture types each manufacturer produces .
How many distinct manufacturers are there ? How many produce furniture ? What are their names ? Also show how many furniture types each manufacturer produces . Find the number of funiture types produced by each manufacturer as well as the company names.
How many different furniture items are there ?
How many different furniture items are there ? How many are sold by manufacturers in our records ?
How many different furniture items are there ? How many are sold by manufacturers in our records ? Which furniture names are not in our records ?
How many different furniture items are there ? How many are sold by manufacturers in our records ? Which furniture names are not in our records ? Also show their market rates .
How many different furniture items are there ? How many are sold by manufacturers in our records ? Which furniture names are not in our records ? Also show their market rates . Find the market shares and names of furnitures which no any company is producing in our records.
How many drivers are there ?
How many drivers are there ? How many drivers does each city have ?
How many drivers are there ? How many drivers does each city have ? Which city has the most drivers ?
How many drivers are there ? How many drivers does each city have ? Which city has the most drivers ? Show the home city with the most number of drivers.
How many different parties are there ?
How many different parties are there ? How many drivers are from Hartford ?
How many different parties are there ? How many drivers are from Hartford ? Among these drivers , how many of them are older than 40 ?
How many different parties are there ? How many drivers are from Hartford ? Among these drivers , how many of them are older than 40 ? Show their parites .
How many different parties are there ? How many drivers are from Hartford ? Among these drivers , how many of them are older than 40 ? Show their parites . Show the party with drivers from Hartford and drivers older than 40.
How many drivers are older than 30 ?
How many drivers are older than 30 ? How many are older than 40 ?
How many drivers are older than 30 ? How many are older than 40 ? Show their home cities .
How many drivers are older than 30 ? How many are older than 40 ? Show their home cities . Among these cities , which one has at least two drivers older than 40 ?
How many drivers are older than 30 ? How many are older than 40 ? Show their home cities . Among these cities , which one has at least two drivers older than 40 ? Show home city where at least two drivers older than 40 are from.
Show the hometowns of the drivers who are older than 40 .
Show the hometowns of the drivers who are older than 40 . How many different cities are there ?
Show the hometowns of the drivers who are older than 40 . How many different cities are there ? What are the cities that do not have a driver older than 40 ?
Show the hometowns of the drivers who are older than 40 . How many different cities are there ? What are the cities that do not have a driver older than 40 ? Show all home cities except for those having a driver older than 40.
How many drivers are there that have a school bus ?
How many drivers are there that have a school bus ? How about the number of drivers without a school bus ?
How many drivers are there that have a school bus ? How about the number of drivers without a school bus ? Show these drivers ' names .
How many drivers are there that have a school bus ? How about the number of drivers without a school bus ? Show these drivers ' names . Show the names of the drivers without a school bus.
How many different types of schools are there ?
How many different types of schools are there ? For each type , how many schools are there ?
How many different types of schools are there ? For each type , how many schools are there ? Which types have two schools ?
How many different types of schools are there ? For each type , how many schools are there ? Which types have two schools ? Show the types of schools that have two schools.
How many different schools are there ?
How many different schools are there ? Which schools have school buses ?
How many different schools are there ? Which schools have school buses ? Please also show the names of the drivers .
How many different schools are there ? Which schools have school buses ? Please also show the names of the drivers . Show the school name and driver name for all school buses.
What are the top 3 number of years spent working on a school bus ?
What are the top 3 number of years spent working on a school bus ? What is the maximum years spent working on a school bus ?
What are the top 3 number of years spent working on a school bus ? What is the maximum years spent working on a school bus ? Please also show the minimum and average years .
What are the top 3 number of years spent working on a school bus ? What is the maximum years spent working on a school bus ? Please also show the minimum and average years . What is the maximum, minimum and average years spent working on a school bus?
How many schools do not have a school bus ?
How many schools do not have a school bus ? What are the names of these schools ?
How many schools do not have a school bus ? What are the names of these schools ? Please also show the school types .
How many schools do not have a school bus ? What are the names of these schools ? Please also show the school types . Show the school name and type for schools without a school bus.
How many schools have a school bus ?
How many schools have a school bus ? How many school buses does each school type have ?
How many schools have a school bus ? How many school buses does each school type have ? Please also show the types .
How many schools have a school bus ? How many school buses does each school type have ? Please also show the types . Show the type of school and the number of buses for each type.
How many drivers are older than 40 ?
How many drivers are older than 40 ? How about the number younger than 40 ?
How many drivers are older than 40 ? How about the number younger than 40 ? Please add the number of drivers that are from Hartford .
How many drivers are older than 40 ? How about the number younger than 40 ? Please add the number of drivers that are from Hartford . How many drivers are from Hartford city or younger than 40?
How many drivers are from Hartford ?
How many drivers are from Hartford ? Among these drivers , how many of them are younger than 40 ?
How many drivers are from Hartford ? Among these drivers , how many of them are younger than 40 ? Show their names .
How many drivers are from Hartford ? Among these drivers , how many of them are younger than 40 ? Show their names . List names for drivers from Hartford city and younger than 40.
Show information for all calendar items .
Show information for all calendar items . How many are there ?
Show information for all calendar items . How many are there ? How many calendar items do we have?
Show all calendar items .
Show all calendar items . Only show the calendar dates and day numbers for them .
Show all calendar items . Only show the calendar dates and day numbers for them . Show all calendar dates and day Numbers.
Show all document types .
Show all document types . How many are there ?
Show all document types . How many are there ? Show the number of document types.
Show all document type information .
Show all document type information . What are their document type codes and names ?
Show all document type information . What are their document type codes and names ? List all document type codes and document type names.
Show the name and description for all document types .
Show the name and description for all document types . Filter the results for only those with code RV .
Show the name and description for all document types . Filter the results for only those with code RV . What is the name and description for document type code RV?
Show all the document type codes .
Show all the document type codes . What is the code for the document type named `` Paper '' ?
Show all the document type codes . What is the code for the document type named `` Paper '' ? What is the document type code for document type "Paper"?
How many documents are there in total ?
How many documents are there in total ? How about the number for those with document type code CV ?
How many documents are there in total ? How about the number for those with document type code CV ? How about CV or BK ?
How many documents are there in total ? How about the number for those with document type code CV ? How about CV or BK ? Show the number of documents with document type code CV or BK.
Show the info for all documents .
Show the info for all documents . How about those with name `` Marry CV '' ?
Show the info for all documents . How about those with name `` Marry CV '' ? Show its date stored .
Show the info for all documents . How about those with name `` Marry CV '' ? Show its date stored . What is the date when the document "Marry CV" was stored?
Show date stored for all the documents .
Show date stored for all the documents . Also show their day numbers .
Show date stored for all the documents . Also show their day numbers . What is the day Number and date of all the documents?
Show all document names .
Show all document names . For each of them , show the document type name .
Show all document names . For each of them , show the document type name . What is the type name for the document named `` How to read a book '' ?
Show all document names . For each of them , show the document type name . What is the type name for the document named `` How to read a book '' ? What is the document type name for the document with name "How to read a book"?
Show all locations .
Show all locations . How many are there ?
Show all locations . How many are there ? Show the number of locations.
List the names of all locations .
List the names of all locations . Also show their location codes .
List the names of all locations . Also show their location codes . List all location codes and location names.
Show the names of all locations .
Show the names of all locations . What is name for the one with code x ?
Show the names of all locations . What is name for the one with code x ? Also show its description .
Show the names of all locations . What is name for the one with code x ? Also show its description . What are the name and description for location code x?
Show the code for all locations .
Show the code for all locations . How about the one named `` Canada '' ?
Show the code for all locations . How about the one named `` Canada '' ? What is the location code for the country "Canada"?
Show all roles .
Show all roles . How many are there ?
Show all roles . How many are there ? How many roles are there?
Show the names of all roles .
Show the names of all roles . Also show their codes and descriptions .
Show the names of all roles . Also show their codes and descriptions . List all role codes, role names, and role descriptions.
Show the name for all roles .
Show the name for all roles . What about the role with code `` MG '' ?
Show the name for all roles . What about the role with code `` MG '' ? Also show its description .
Show the name for all roles . What about the role with code `` MG '' ? Also show its description . What are the name and description for role code "MG"?
Show the descriptions of all roles .
Show the descriptions of all roles . What is the description for the one named `` Proof Reader '' ?
Show the descriptions of all roles . What is the description for the one named `` Proof Reader '' ? Show the description for role name "Proof Reader".
Show information for all employees .
Show information for all employees . How many are there ?
Show information for all employees . How many are there ? How many employees do we have?
Show the names of all employee .
Show the names of all employee . Show the name , code , and date of birth for the employee named 'Armani ' .
Show the names of all employee . Show the name , code , and date of birth for the employee named 'Armani ' . Show the name, role code, and date of birth for the employee with name 'Armani'.
Show the id and name for all employees .
Show the id and name for all employees . What is the id for the employee called Ebba ?
Show the id and name for all employees . What is the id for the employee called Ebba ? What is the id for the employee called Ebba?
Show the names and role code of all the employees .
Show the names and role code of all the employees . Show names for those with `` HR '' as their role .
Show the names and role code of all the employees . Show names for those with `` HR '' as their role . Show the names of all the employees with role "HR".
Show the role code for all employees .
Show the role code for all employees . For each of them , also show the number of employees in each role .
Show the role code for all employees . For each of them , also show the number of employees in each role . Show all role codes and the number of employees in each role.
Show the role code for all employees .
Show the role code for all employees . Count the number of employees with each role code .
Show the role code for all employees . Count the number of employees with each role code . Sort the codes by the count in descending order .
Show the role code for all employees . Count the number of employees with each role code . Sort the codes by the count in descending order . Which of them has the largest number of employees ?
Show the role code for all employees . Count the number of employees with each role code . Sort the codes by the count in descending order . Which of them has the largest number of employees ? What is the role code with the largest number of employees?
Show role codes for all employees .
Show role codes for all employees . Count the number of employees for each of them .
Show role codes for all employees . Count the number of employees for each of them . Which of them have at least 3 ?
Show role codes for all employees . Count the number of employees for each of them . Which of them have at least 3 ? Show all role codes with at least 3 employees.
Show the role code for all employees .
Show the role code for all employees . For each of them , count the number of employees .
Show the role code for all employees . For each of them , count the number of employees . Sort the codes by this count .
Show the role code for all employees . For each of them , count the number of employees . Sort the codes by this count . Which code has the least ?
Show the role code for all employees . For each of them , count the number of employees . Sort the codes by this count . Which code has the least ? Show the role code with the least employees.
Show the names of all employees .
Show the names of all employees . Also show their role name and role description .
Show the names of all employees . Also show their role name and role description . What is the role name and role description for the employee named Ebba ?
Show the names of all employees . Also show their role name and role description . What is the role name and role description for the employee named Ebba ? What is the role name and role description for employee called Ebba?
Show the name for all employees .
Show the name for all employees . Also show their role names .
Show the name for all employees . Also show their role names . Who has `` Editor '' as their role ?
Show the name for all employees . Also show their role names . Who has `` Editor '' as their role ? Show the names of employees with role name Editor.
Show the ids for all employees .
Show the ids for all employees . Also show their role names .
Show the ids for all employees . Also show their role names . Which employees have `` Human Resources '' as their role ?
Show the ids for all employees . Also show their role names . Which employees have `` Human Resources '' as their role ? Also show the employee ids with the role `` Manager '' .
Show the ids for all employees . Also show their role names . Which employees have `` Human Resources '' as their role ? Also show the employee ids with the role `` Manager '' . Show the employee ids for all employees with role name "Human Resource" or "Manager".
Show locations for all documents .
Show locations for all documents . Show all distinct locations among them .
Show locations for all documents . Show all distinct locations among them . What are the different location codes for documents?
Show all document names .
Show all document names . Also show their location name .
Show all document names . Also show their location name . What is the location for the document titled `` Robin CV '' ?
Show all document names . Also show their location name . What is the location for the document titled `` Robin CV '' ? Show the location name for document "Robin CV".
Show the location code for all the document locations .
Show the location code for all the document locations . Also show their their starting and ending dates .
Show the location code for all the document locations . Also show their their starting and ending dates . Show the location code, the starting date and ending date in that location for all the documents.
Show the document names .
Show the document names . Also show the to and from dates for them .
Show the document names . Also show the to and from dates for them . What are these values for the document named `` Robin CV '' ?
Show the document names . Also show the to and from dates for them . What are these values for the document named `` Robin CV '' ? What is "the date in location from" and "the date in location to" for the document with name "Robin CV"?
Show the codes for all document locations .
Show the codes for all document locations . For each code , show the corresponding count of documents .
Show the codes for all document locations . For each code , show the corresponding count of documents . Show the location codes and the number of documents in each location.
Show the location codes .
Show the location codes . For each of them , what is the count of associated documents ?
Show the location codes . For each of them , what is the count of associated documents ? Sort codes in descending order by these counts .
Show the location codes . For each of them , what is the count of associated documents ? Sort codes in descending order by these counts . Which has the most ?
Show the location codes . For each of them , what is the count of associated documents ? Sort codes in descending order by these counts . Which has the most ? What is the location code with the most documents?
Show all location codes .
Show all location codes . For each of them , count the number of corresponding documents .
Show all location codes . For each of them , count the number of corresponding documents . Which of them have at least 3 ?
Show all location codes . For each of them , count the number of corresponding documents . Which of them have at least 3 ? Show the location codes with at least 3 documents.
Show the location codes for all documents .
Show the location codes for all documents . Also show their locations .
Show the location codes for all documents . Also show their locations . How many documents come from each location ?
Show the location codes for all documents . Also show their locations . How many documents come from each location ? Which location has the fewest ?
Show the location codes for all documents . Also show their locations . How many documents come from each location ? Which location has the fewest ? Show the location name and code with the least documents.
Show all employee names .
Show all employee names . What are the names of the employees who authorized document destruction .
Show all employee names . What are the names of the employees who authorized document destruction . Also show the names for those who destroyed the corresponding documents .
Show all employee names . What are the names of the employees who authorized document destruction . Also show the names for those who destroyed the corresponding documents . What are the names of the employees who authorised the destruction and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents?
Show the id of each employee who has authorized document destruction .
Show the id of each employee who has authorized document destruction . For each of them , count the number of destroyed documents they authorized .
Show the id of each employee who has authorized document destruction . For each of them , count the number of destroyed documents they authorized . Show the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee.
Show the employee ids having destroyed some documents .
Show the employee ids having destroyed some documents . For each employee , how many documents did they destroy ?
Show the employee ids having destroyed some documents . For each employee , how many documents did they destroy ? Show the employee ids and the number of documents destroyed by each employee.
Show the ids of the employees having authorized any document destruction .
Show the ids of the employees having authorized any document destruction . How about those who did n't ?
Show the ids of the employees having authorized any document destruction . How about those who did n't ? Show the ids of the employees who don't authorize destruction for any document.
Show the id of all authorizing employees for documents to be destroyed .
Show the id of all authorizing employees for documents to be destroyed . Show only distinct ids .
Show the id of all authorizing employees for documents to be destroyed . Show only distinct ids . Show the ids of all employees who have authorized destruction.
Show ids for employees who destroyed a document .
Show ids for employees who destroyed a document . What are the distinct results ?
Show ids for employees who destroyed a document . What are the distinct results ? Show the ids of all employees who have destroyed a document.
Show all employee ids .
Show all employee ids . Show all employee ids who have destroyed a document .
Show all employee ids . Show all employee ids who have destroyed a document . How about those who have n't ?
Show all employee ids . Show all employee ids who have destroyed a document . How about those who have n't ? Show the ids of all employees who don't destroy any document.
I want to know the information of all the publications .
I want to know the information of all the publications . Just tell me publishers from the tables above .
I want to know the information of all the publications . Just tell me publishers from the tables above . Thanks . Could you tell me who is the richest ?
I want to know the information of all the publications . Just tell me publishers from the tables above . Thanks . Could you tell me who is the richest ? List the publisher of the publication with the highest price.
What 's the price of the publication published by Wiley ?
What 's the price of the publication published by Wiley ? How about Pearson 's ?
What 's the price of the publication published by Wiley ? How about Pearson 's ? Okay . I want to know the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices now .
What 's the price of the publication published by Wiley ? How about Pearson 's ? Okay . I want to know the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices now . List the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices.
Could you tell me the book with published price more than 4000000 ?
Could you tell me the book with published price more than 4000000 ? Who were their writers ?
Could you tell me the book with published price more than 4000000 ? Who were their writers ? Show writers who have published a book with price more than 4000000.
I want to know the publication price of the book with title `` Cyberella '' ?
I want to know the publication price of the book with title `` Cyberella '' ? Could you show me all the books ' publication price ?
I want to know the publication price of the book with title `` Cyberella '' ? Could you show me all the books ' publication price ? Okay . I want all the books ' titles in descending order of publication price .
I want to know the publication price of the book with title `` Cyberella '' ? Could you show me all the books ' publication price ? Okay . I want all the books ' titles in descending order of publication price . Show the titles of books in descending order of publication price.
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty .
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty . How many publications does this publisher have ?
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty . How many publications does this publisher have ? Tell me the publishers that have more than one publication .
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty . How many publications does this publisher have ? Tell me the publishers that have more than one publication . Show publishers that have more than one publication.
Tell me the publication date of the bookDead Corps .
Tell me the publication date of the bookDead Corps . How about the book Cyberella ?
Tell me the publication date of the bookDead Corps . How about the book Cyberella ? Okay , please show me the most common publication date .
Tell me the publication date of the bookDead Corps . How about the book Cyberella ? Okay , please show me the most common publication date . Please show the most common publication date.
Tell me the writer of Gemini Blood .
Tell me the writer of Gemini Blood . Tell me all the books he wrote .
Tell me the writer of Gemini Blood . Tell me all the books he wrote . Okay , show me the writers who have written more than one book .
Tell me the writer of Gemini Blood . Tell me all the books he wrote . Okay , show me the writers who have written more than one book . List the writers who have written more than one book.
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty .
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty . How about the publisher of the book with title Gemini Blood ?
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty . How about the publisher of the book with title Gemini Blood ? Tell me the books that are not published .
Tell me the publisher of the book Bloody Mary : Lady Liberty . How about the publisher of the book with title Gemini Blood ? Tell me the books that are not published . List the titles of books that are not published.
Tell me the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 .
Tell me the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 . Tell me the publishers that have publications with price lower than 5000000 .
Tell me the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 . Tell me the publishers that have publications with price lower than 5000000 . Okay . Show me the people in both lists .
Tell me the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 . Tell me the publishers that have publications with price lower than 5000000 . Okay . Show me the people in both lists . Show the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 and publications with price lower than 5000000.
What are the dates of the performances ?
What are the dates of the performances ? How about the locations ?
What are the dates of the performances ? How about the locations ? How many performances are there ?
What are the dates of the performances ? How about the locations ? How many performances are there ? How many performances are there?
Who are the members of the performances ?
Who are the members of the performances ? How about the hosts ?
Who are the members of the performances ? How about the hosts ? Order the result by ascending order of attendance .
Who are the members of the performances ? How about the hosts ? Order the result by ascending order of attendance . List the hosts of performances in ascending order of attendance.
How many people attended the performances ?
How many people attended the performances ? On what dates are they held ?
How many people attended the performances ? On what dates are they held ? Add the locations to the result .
How many people attended the performances ? On what dates are they held ? Add the locations to the result . What are the dates and locations of performances?
Show me the dates of the performances .
Show me the dates of the performances . How about the attendances ?
Show me the dates of the performances . How about the attendances ? Among the results , which are performed at `` TD Garden '' or `` Bell Centre '' ?
Show me the dates of the performances . How about the attendances ? Among the results , which are performed at `` TD Garden '' or `` Bell Centre '' ? Show the attendances of the performances at location "TD Garden" or "Bell Centre"
What is the maximum number of attendees for performances ?
What is the maximum number of attendees for performances ? How about the total sum ?
What is the maximum number of attendees for performances ? How about the total sum ? What is the average number of attendees for performances ?
What is the maximum number of attendees for performances ? How about the total sum ? What is the average number of attendees for performances ? What is the average number of attendees for performances?
Where are the performances ?
Where are the performances ? On what date are they held ?
Where are the performances ? On what date are they held ? Among the result , show me the one with the lowest number of attendees .
Where are the performances ? On what date are they held ? Among the result , show me the one with the lowest number of attendees . What about highest number of attendees ?
Where are the performances ? On what date are they held ? Among the result , show me the one with the lowest number of attendees . What about highest number of attendees ? What is the date of the performance with the highest number of attendees?
How many attendees are there for the performances ?
How many attendees are there for the performances ? What are the distinct locations of each performance ?
How many attendees are there for the performances ? What are the distinct locations of each performance ? How many performances are there at each location ?
How many attendees are there for the performances ? What are the distinct locations of each performance ? How many performances are there at each location ? Show different locations and the number of performances at each location.
Show different locations and the number of performances at each location .
Show different locations and the number of performances at each location . Which is the least common location ?
Show different locations and the number of performances at each location . Which is the least common location ? How about the most common one ?
Show different locations and the number of performances at each location . Which is the least common location ? How about the most common one ? Show the most common location of performances.
What are the locations of the performances ?
What are the locations of the performances ? Show me the number of performances at each location .
What are the locations of the performances ? Show me the number of performances at each location . Which locations have at least two performances ?
What are the locations of the performances ? Show me the number of performances at each location . Which locations have at least two performances ? Show the locations that have at least two performances.
What are the locations of performances ?
What are the locations of performances ? How about locations of performances with less than 1000 attendees ?
What are the locations of performances ? How about locations of performances with less than 1000 attendees ? What about those with more than 2000 attendees ?
What are the locations of performances ? How about locations of performances with less than 1000 attendees ? What about those with more than 2000 attendees ? Show the locations that have both performances with more than 2000 attendees and performances with less than 1000 attendees .
What are the locations of performances ? How about locations of performances with less than 1000 attendees ? What about those with more than 2000 attendees ? Show the locations that have both performances with more than 2000 attendees and performances with less than 1000 attendees . Show the locations that have both performances with more than 2000 attendees and performances with less than 1000 attendees.
What is the role of each member ?
What is the role of each member ? How about their names ?
What is the role of each member ? How about their names ? Show me in addition the location of the performances they attended .
What is the role of each member ? How about their names ? Show me in addition the location of the performances they attended . Show the names of members and the location of the performances they attended.
Show me the names of the members .
Show me the names of the members . Sort the result in ascending alphabetical order .
Show me the names of the members . Sort the result in ascending alphabetical order . Also provide the locations of the performances they attended ?
Show me the names of the members . Sort the result in ascending alphabetical order . Also provide the locations of the performances they attended ? Show the names of members and the location of performances they attended in ascending alphabetical order of their names.
Who are the attending members whose roles are `` Viola '' ?
Who are the attending members whose roles are `` Viola '' ? How about Violin ?
Who are the attending members whose roles are `` Viola '' ? How about Violin ? Show me the dates of performances in which members in the result attended .
Who are the attending members whose roles are `` Viola '' ? How about Violin ? Show me the dates of performances in which members in the result attended . Show the dates of performances with attending members whose roles are "Violin".
Show me all about the members .
Show me all about the members . What are the dates of performances that each of them attended ? Show name and date .
Show me all about the members . What are the dates of performances that each of them attended ? Show name and date . Sort the result in descending order of attendance of the performances .
Show me all about the members . What are the dates of performances that each of them attended ? Show name and date . Sort the result in descending order of attendance of the performances . Show the names of members and the dates of performances they attended in descending order of attendance of the performances.
Show me all musicians with first name `` Solveig '' .
Show me all musicians with first name `` Solveig '' . Show me their stage positions .
Show me all musicians with first name `` Solveig '' . Show me their stage positions . Find all the stage positions of the musicians with first name "Solveig"
Show me all artists with last name `` Heilo ''
Show me all artists with last name `` Heilo '' Find all the songs they have performed .
Show me all artists with last name `` Heilo '' Find all the songs they have performed . Find all the songs performed by artist with last name "Heilo"
Show me all the musicians who performed in the song `` Flash '' .
Show me all the musicians who performed in the song `` Flash '' . How many are there ?
Show me all the musicians who performed in the song `` Flash '' . How many are there ? How many musicians performed in the song "Flash"?
Show me all artists with first name `` Marianne ''
Show me all artists with first name `` Marianne '' How many songs have they produced in total ?
Show me all artists with first name `` Marianne '' How many songs have they produced in total ? Show me the names of those songs .
Show me all artists with first name `` Marianne '' How many songs have they produced in total ? Show me the names of those songs . Find all the songs produced by artists with first name "Marianne".
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' .
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' . How about a song exactly named `` Badlands '' ?
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' . How about a song exactly named `` Badlands '' ? Who performed it ? Show me the first and last names .
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' . How about a song exactly named `` Badlands '' ? Who performed it ? Show me the first and last names . Who performed the song named "Badlands"? Show the first name and the last name.
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' .
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' . How about a song exactly named `` Badlands '' ?
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' . How about a song exactly named `` Badlands '' ? Who performed it in the back stage position ? Show me the first and last names .
Show me all songs containing the word `` Badlands '' . How about a song exactly named `` Badlands '' ? Who performed it in the back stage position ? Show me the first and last names . Who is performing in the back stage position for the song "Badlands"? Show the first name and the last name.
Show me all the labels of each album .
Show me all the labels of each album . Among those , which one has the most albums ?
Show me all the labels of each album . Among those , which one has the most albums ? What is the label that has the most albums?
What is the first name of the musician that have produced the least number of songs ?
What is the first name of the musician that have produced the least number of songs ? How about the musician who have produced the most number of songs ?
What is the first name of the musician that have produced the least number of songs ? How about the musician who have produced the most number of songs ? What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most number of songs?
Show me last names of all the musicians who have been at the back position .
Show me last names of all the musicians who have been at the back position . Who has been at the back position the most ?
Show me last names of all the musicians who have been at the back position . Who has been at the back position the most ? What is the last name of the musician that has been at the back position the most?
Find all the songs whose name starts with the word `` the '' .
Find all the songs whose name starts with the word `` the '' . Find all songs that contains that word .
Find all the songs whose name starts with the word `` the '' . Find all songs that contains that word . Find all the songs whose name contains the word "the".
Find me the id of the song called `` Le Pop '' .
Find me the id of the song called `` Le Pop '' . Which instruments were used in that song ?
Find me the id of the song called `` Le Pop '' . Which instruments were used in that song ? Which instrument did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' play ?
Find me the id of the song called `` Le Pop '' . Which instruments were used in that song ? Which instrument did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' play ? What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Le Pop"?
How many times was each instrument used ?
How many times was each instrument used ? Which instrument was the most used ?
How many times was each instrument used ? Which instrument was the most used ? What is the most used instrument?
How many instruments does the song `` Le Pop '' use ?
How many instruments does the song `` Le Pop '' use ? List them .
How many instruments does the song `` Le Pop '' use ? List them . What instruments does the song "Le Pop" use?
What instruments does the song `` Le Pop '' use ?
What instruments does the song `` Le Pop '' use ? How many are there ?
What instruments does the song `` Le Pop '' use ? How many are there ? How many instruments does the song "Le Pop" use?
What instruments does the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use ?
What instruments does the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use ? How many instruments are used ?
What instruments does the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use ? How many instruments are used ? How many instrument does the musician with last name "Heilo" use?
How many instruments have the musician with last name `` Heilo '' ever use ?
How many instruments have the musician with last name `` Heilo '' ever use ? List those instruments
How many instruments have the musician with last name `` Heilo '' ever use ? List those instruments Find all the instruments ever used by the musician with last name "Heilo"?
Show me how many vocals each song uses .
Show me how many vocals each song uses . Which one has the most ? Show me the song title .
Show me how many vocals each song uses . Which one has the most ? Show me the song title . Which song has the most vocals?
Show me all vocal types .
Show me all vocal types . Show me the 5 least frequently appearing types among those .
Show me all vocal types . Show me the 5 least frequently appearing types among those . Show me the most frequently appearing type .
Show me all vocal types . Show me the 5 least frequently appearing types among those . Show me the most frequently appearing type . Which vocal type is the most frequently appearing type?
Show me all vocal types played by the band mate with last name `` Heilo '' .
Show me all vocal types played by the band mate with last name `` Heilo '' . Which one did they play the most ?
Show me all vocal types played by the band mate with last name `` Heilo '' . Which one did they play the most ? Which vocal type has the band mate with last name "Heilo" played the most?
Show me songs named `` Le Pop '' .
Show me songs named `` Le Pop '' . Which vocal type is used in that song ?
Show me songs named `` Le Pop '' . Which vocal type is used in that song ? What are the vocal types used in song "Le Pop"?
What vocal types are used in song `` Demon Kitty Rag '' ?
What vocal types are used in song `` Demon Kitty Rag '' ? How many are there ?
What vocal types are used in song `` Demon Kitty Rag '' ? How many are there ? Find the number of vocal types used in song "Demon Kitty Rag"?
How many songs are there ?
How many songs are there ? Show me the ones with a lead vocal .
How many songs are there ? Show me the ones with a lead vocal . How many are there ?
How many songs are there ? Show me the ones with a lead vocal . How many are there ? How many songs have a lead vocal?
Which vocal type does the musician with first name `` Solveig '' play ?
Which vocal type does the musician with first name `` Solveig '' play ? Which one did that musician play in a song called `` A Bar in Amsterdam '' ?
Which vocal type does the musician with first name `` Solveig '' play ? Which one did that musician play in a song called `` A Bar in Amsterdam '' ? Which vocal type did the musician with first name "Solveig" played in the song with title "A Bar in Amsterdam"?
Find songs that have a lead vocal .
Find songs that have a lead vocal . Find all other songs .
Find songs that have a lead vocal . Find all other songs . Find all the songs that do not have a lead vocal.
Find me id of the song named `` Le Pop '' .
Find me id of the song named `` Le Pop '' . Who performed that song ?
Find me id of the song named `` Le Pop '' . Who performed that song ? Who performed the song named "Le Pop"?
What instrument is used in the song `` Badlands '' ?
What instrument is used in the song `` Badlands '' ? Which instrument did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use in that song ?
What instrument is used in the song `` Badlands '' ? Which instrument did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' use in that song ? What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Badlands"?
Show me all distinct instruments used in the song `` Badlands '' .
Show me all distinct instruments used in the song `` Badlands '' . How many are there ?
Show me all distinct instruments used in the song `` Badlands '' . How many are there ? How many instruments does the song "Badlands" use?
Show me all the bandmates in song `` Badlands ''
Show me all the bandmates in song `` Badlands '' Show me all vocal types used in song `` Badlands '' .
Show me all the bandmates in song `` Badlands '' Show me all vocal types used in song `` Badlands '' . What are the vocal types used in song "Badlands"?
Show me all vocal types used in song `` Le Pop '' .
Show me all vocal types used in song `` Le Pop '' . How many are there ?
Show me all vocal types used in song `` Le Pop '' . How many are there ? Find the number of vocal types used in song "Le Pop"
Show me all songs with shared vocals .
Show me all songs with shared vocals . How many are there ?
Show me all songs with shared vocals . How many are there ? How many songs have a shared vocal?
How many songs do not have a back vocal ?
How many songs do not have a back vocal ? Show me the titles of those songs .
How many songs do not have a back vocal ? Show me the titles of those songs . Find all the songs that do not have a back vocal.
Show me all vocal types played by a bandmate with first name `` Solveig '' .
Show me all vocal types played by a bandmate with first name `` Solveig '' . Which one is played the most ?
Show me all vocal types played by a bandmate with first name `` Solveig '' . Which one is played the most ? Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Solveig" played the most?
Which vocal type is played in the song `` Der Kapitan '' ?
Which vocal type is played in the song `` Der Kapitan '' ? Which vocal type did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' play ?
Which vocal type is played in the song `` Der Kapitan '' ? Which vocal type did the musician with last name `` Heilo '' play ? Which vocal type did the musician with last name "Heilo" played in the song with title "Der Kapitan"?
Which band mate performed in most songs ? Show me the last name .
Which band mate performed in most songs ? Show me the last name . Show the first name .
Which band mate performed in most songs ? Show me the last name . Show the first name . Find the first name of the band mate that has performed in most songs.
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name `` Marianne '' played ?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name `` Marianne '' played ? Which one did she play the most ?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name `` Marianne '' played ? Which one did she play the most ? Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Marianne" played the most?
Which bandmates are performing in the song `` Der Kapitan '' ? Show the first name and last name .
Which bandmates are performing in the song `` Der Kapitan '' ? Show the first name and last name . Who plays in the back stage position ? Show first and last names .
Which bandmates are performing in the song `` Der Kapitan '' ? Show the first name and last name . Who plays in the back stage position ? Show first and last names . Who is performing in the back stage position for the song "Der Kapitan"? Show the first name and last name.
How many songs are there in album `` A Kiss Before You Go : Live in Hamburg '' ?
How many songs are there in album `` A Kiss Before You Go : Live in Hamburg '' ? What are those songs ? Show me the title .
How many songs are there in album `` A Kiss Before You Go : Live in Hamburg '' ? What are those songs ? Show me the title . What are the songs in album "A Kiss Before You Go: Live in Hamburg"?
How many songs are in albums under label `` Universal Music Group '' ?
How many songs are in albums under label `` Universal Music Group '' ? Show me the titles of those songs .
How many songs are in albums under label `` Universal Music Group '' ? Show me the titles of those songs . What are all the songs in albums under label "Universal Music Group"?
Tell me the country of the league named `` France Ligue 1 '' .
Tell me the country of the league named `` France Ligue 1 '' . How about that of the league named `` Poland Ekstraklasa ''
Tell me the country of the league named `` France Ligue 1 '' . How about that of the league named `` Poland Ekstraklasa '' How many leagues are there in England ?
Tell me the country of the league named `` France Ligue 1 '' . How about that of the league named `` Poland Ekstraklasa '' How many leagues are there in England ? How many leagues are there in England?
Tell me the birthday of the player named Aaron Hunt .
Tell me the birthday of the player named Aaron Hunt . How about his weight ?
Tell me the birthday of the player named Aaron Hunt . How about his weight ? tell me the maximum and minimum weight of all players .
Tell me the birthday of the player named Aaron Hunt . How about his weight ? tell me the maximum and minimum weight of all players . What is the maximum and minimum weight of all players?
Tell me the potential of the player named `` Abasse Ba '' .
Tell me the potential of the player named `` Abasse Ba '' . How about his finishing times ?
Tell me the potential of the player named `` Abasse Ba '' . How about his finishing times ? list all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average .
Tell me the potential of the player named `` Abasse Ba '' . How about his finishing times ? list all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average . List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average.
What are the names of players who have the best crossing ?
What are the names of players who have the best crossing ? What are the names of players who have the best short passing ?
What are the names of players who have the best crossing ? What are the names of players who have the best short passing ? What are the names of players who have the best dribbling ?
What are the names of players who have the best crossing ? What are the names of players who have the best short passing ? What are the names of players who have the best dribbling ? What are the names of players who have the best dribbling?
Tell me all the players whose defensive work rate is high .
Tell me all the players whose defensive work rate is high . How about players whose attacking work rate is high ?
Tell me all the players whose defensive work rate is high . How about players whose attacking work rate is high ? Tell me the names of all players who have a crossing score higher than 90 and prefer their right foot .
Tell me all the players whose defensive work rate is high . How about players whose attacking work rate is high ? Tell me the names of all players who have a crossing score higher than 90 and prefer their right foot . List the names of all players who have a crossing score higher than 90 and prefer their right foot.
Tell me the names of players who have an overall rating larger than 80 .
Tell me the names of players who have an overall rating larger than 80 . Tell me their preferred foot .
Tell me the names of players who have an overall rating larger than 80 . Tell me their preferred foot . tell me the names of all left-footed players who have overall rating between 85 and 90 .
Tell me the names of players who have an overall rating larger than 80 . Tell me their preferred foot . tell me the names of all left-footed players who have overall rating between 85 and 90 . List the names of all left-footed players who have overall rating between 85 and 90.
How many players have an overall rating of 60 or greater ?
How many players have an overall rating of 60 or greater ? How many players have potential of 80 or greater ?
How many players have an overall rating of 60 or greater ? How many players have potential of 80 or greater ? Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80 , how many are right-footed and left-footed ?
How many players have an overall rating of 60 or greater ? How many players have potential of 80 or greater ? Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80 , how many are right-footed and left-footed ? Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80, how many are right-footed and left-footed?
What is the height of the player named Abdoulaye Toure ?
What is the height of the player named Abdoulaye Toure ? What is his overall rating ?
What is the height of the player named Abdoulaye Toure ? What is his overall rating ? Tell me all of the player ids with a height of at least 180cm and an overall rating higher than 85 .
What is the height of the player named Abdoulaye Toure ? What is his overall rating ? Tell me all of the player ids with a height of at least 180cm and an overall rating higher than 85 . List all of the player ids with a height of at least 180cm and an overall rating higher than 85.
Tell me the birthday of the player named `` Aaron Hunt '' .
Tell me the birthday of the player named `` Aaron Hunt '' . What is his preferred foot ?
Tell me the birthday of the player named `` Aaron Hunt '' . What is his preferred foot ? List all of the ids for left-footed players with a height between 180cm and 190cm .
Tell me the birthday of the player named `` Aaron Hunt '' . What is his preferred foot ? List all of the ids for left-footed players with a height between 180cm and 190cm . List all of the ids for left-footed players with a height between 180cm and 190cm.
How many players have heading accuracy larger than 70 ?
How many players have heading accuracy larger than 70 ? Tell me the top three of these ?
How many players have heading accuracy larger than 70 ? Tell me the top three of these ? Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating ?
How many players have heading accuracy larger than 70 ? Tell me the top three of these ? Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating ? Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating?
How many different products are available to order ?
How many different products are available to order ? Order them by the number of times they have been ordered .
How many different products are available to order ? Order them by the number of times they have been ordered . Which has been ordered the greatest number of times ?
How many different products are available to order ? Order them by the number of times they have been ordered . Which has been ordered the greatest number of times ? Only show the name and price .
How many different products are available to order ? Order them by the number of times they have been ordered . Which has been ordered the greatest number of times ? Only show the name and price . Find the name and price of the product that has been ordered the greatest number of times.
What is the average price of all products ?
What is the average price of all products ? Which of the procucts cost more than this ?
What is the average price of all products ? Which of the procucts cost more than this ? Which is the name of the most expensive product ?
What is the average price of all products ? Which of the procucts cost more than this ? Which is the name of the most expensive product ? Find the name of the most expensive product.
How many customers have addresses on file ?
How many customers have addresses on file ? What different states are they from ?
How many customers have addresses on file ? What different states are they from ? Show all information for customers living in the state of California .
How many customers have addresses on file ? What different states are they from ? Show all information for customers living in the state of California . Show the names of all customers except these .
How many customers have addresses on file ? What different states are they from ? Show all information for customers living in the state of California . Show the names of all customers except these . Find the names of customers who are not living in the state of California.
What state or province are the most customer addresses located ?
What state or province are the most customer addresses located ? How many customers have addresses in the state of California
What state or province are the most customer addresses located ? How many customers have addresses in the state of California What are their names and phone numbers ?
What state or province are the most customer addresses located ? How many customers have addresses in the state of California What are their names and phone numbers ? Find the names and phone numbers of customers living in California state.
What are all the different employee address details ?
What are all the different employee address details ? At which adresses do no employees live ?
What are all the different employee address details ? At which adresses do no employees live ? What states or provinces are they in ?
What are all the different employee address details ? At which adresses do no employees live ? What states or provinces are they in ? Find the states which do not have any employee in their record.
What is the customer ID of the person who became a customer most recently ?
What is the customer ID of the person who became a customer most recently ? What is their name ?
What is the customer ID of the person who became a customer most recently ? What is their name ? How about the earliest 5 customers ?
What is the customer ID of the person who became a customer most recently ? What is their name ? How about the earliest 5 customers ? Find the name of the first 5 customers.
Order all customer payment methods alphabetically .
Order all customer payment methods alphabetically . Which is last alphabetically ?
Order all customer payment methods alphabetically . Which is last alphabetically ? Which appears most often ?
Order all customer payment methods alphabetically . Which is last alphabetically ? Which appears most often ? Find the payment method that is used most frequently.
What are all location codes for the delivery locations ?
What are all location codes for the delivery locations ? Which route has had the fewest orders delivered ?
What are all location codes for the delivery locations ? Which route has had the fewest orders delivered ? Which route has the highest number of delivery locations ?
What are all location codes for the delivery locations ? Which route has had the fewest orders delivered ? Which route has the highest number of delivery locations ? Find the name of route that has the highest number of deliveries.
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? Show the name and access counts of them in alphabetic order of the name .
What are all the documents ? Show the name and access counts of them in alphabetic order of the name . Find the name and access counts of all documents, in alphabetic order of the document name.
What are the names and access counts of all the documents ?
What are the names and access counts of all the documents ? Which one has been accessed the greatest number of times ?
What are the names and access counts of all the documents ? Which one has been accessed the greatest number of times ? Find the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times, as well as the count of how many times it has been accessed?
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? Which document types are there ?
What are all the documents ? Which document types are there ? Which types have more than 4 documents ?
What are all the documents ? Which document types are there ? Which types have more than 4 documents ? Find the types of documents with more than 4 documents.
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? What are the total access counts of documents in terms of document type ?
What are all the documents ? What are the total access counts of documents in terms of document type ? Which is the largest among them ?
What are all the documents ? What are the total access counts of documents in terms of document type ? Which is the largest among them ? Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type.
What are access counts all the documents ?
What are access counts all the documents ? Show their average .
What are access counts all the documents ? Show their average . What is the average access count of documents?
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? Show the type of the one named `` David CV '' .
What are all the documents ? Show the type of the one named `` David CV '' . What is the type of the document named "David CV"?
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? Which document types have more than 10000 total access number ?
What are all the documents ? Which document types have more than 10000 total access number ? What document types do have more than 10000 total access number.
What is the document named `` David CV '' ?
What is the document named `` David CV '' ? What are all the section titils of it ?
What is the document named `` David CV '' ? What are all the section titils of it ? What are all the section titles of the document named "David CV"?
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? Show those without any sections .
What are all the documents ? Show those without any sections . Find all the name of documents without any sections.
What are all the documents with functional area `` Acknowledgement '' ?
What are all the documents with functional area `` Acknowledgement '' ? Show the average access counts for each of them .
What are all the documents with functional area `` Acknowledgement '' ? Show the average access counts for each of them . Find the average access counts of documents with functional area "Acknowledgement".
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? Show those without any images .
What are all the documents ? Show those without any images . Find names of the document without any images.
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? Show their names in the order of number of sections .
What are all the documents ? Show their names in the order of number of sections . What is the name of the one with the most number of sections ?
What are all the documents ? Show their names in the order of number of sections . What is the name of the one with the most number of sections ? What is the name of the document with the most number of sections?
What are the names of all the documents ?
What are the names of all the documents ? Show those that contain `` CV '' .
What are the names of all the documents ? Show those that contain `` CV '' . List all the document names which contains "CV".
Who are all the users ?
Who are all the users ? Show those who are logged in .
Who are all the users ? Show those who are logged in . How many users are logged in?
What are all the users that have logged in ?
What are all the users that have logged in ? Among those users , which role is the most popular one ?
What are all the users that have logged in ? Among those users , which role is the most popular one ? Show the description of that role .
What are all the users that have logged in ? Among those users , which role is the most popular one ? Show the description of that role . Find the description of the most popular role among the users that have logged in.
What are all the documents ?
What are all the documents ? What are the average access counts in terms of each document structure ?
What are all the documents ? What are the average access counts in terms of each document structure ? Show the one with the least popular structure .
What are all the documents ? What are the average access counts in terms of each document structure ? Show the one with the least popular structure . Find the average access count of documents with the least popular structure.
Show all the images .
Show all the images . Show their names and URLs in the order of their names .
Show all the images . Show their names and URLs in the order of their names . List all the image name and URLs in the order of their names.
What are all the users ?
What are all the users ? What are the different kinds of roles among them ?
What are all the users ? What are the different kinds of roles among them ? Show the number of users in each role .
What are all the users ? What are the different kinds of roles among them ? Show the number of users in each role . Find the number of users in each role.
Show me all the policy types .
Show me all the policy types . Show me the type with most records in the database .
Show me all the policy types . Show me the type with most records in the database . Which policy type has the most records in the database?
What is the most popular policy type ?
What is the most popular policy type ? Show me all the customer phone numbers associated with it .
What is the most popular policy type ? Show me all the customer phone numbers associated with it . What are all the customer phone numbers under the most popular policy type?
Show me the policy type used by more than 3 customers .
Show me the policy type used by more than 3 customers . Show me the same for more than 4 customers .
Show me the policy type used by more than 3 customers . Show me the same for more than 4 customers . Find the policy type used by more than 4 customers.
What is the maximum amount of settlements ?
What is the maximum amount of settlements ? What is the total amount of settlements ?
What is the maximum amount of settlements ? What is the total amount of settlements ? What is the average ?
What is the maximum amount of settlements ? What is the total amount of settlements ? What is the average ? Find the total and average amount of settlements.
Find the name of services that have been used in first notification of loss .
Find the name of services that have been used in first notification of loss . Find services used more than twice in first notification of loss .
Find the name of services that have been used in first notification of loss . Find services used more than twice in first notification of loss . Find the name of services that have been used for more than 2 times in first notification of loss.
What is the ID of the claim that has the smallest amount of total settlement ?
What is the ID of the claim that has the smallest amount of total settlement ? What is its effective date ?
What is the ID of the claim that has the smallest amount of total settlement ? What is its effective date ? Show me the same for the effective date of claim with largest amount of total sum .
What is the ID of the claim that has the smallest amount of total settlement ? What is its effective date ? Show me the same for the effective date of claim with largest amount of total sum . What is the effective date of the claim that has the largest amount of total settlement?
Show me the policies listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' .
Show me the policies listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' . How many are there ?
Show me the policies listed for the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' . How many are there ? How many policies are listed for the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What is the name of the customer who has the least policies listed ?
What is the name of the customer who has the least policies listed ? How about the most policies listed ?
What is the name of the customer who has the least policies listed ? How about the most policies listed ? What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed?
What is the phone number of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ?
What is the phone number of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? Show me all the policy types associated with that phone number .
What is the phone number of the customer named `` Dayana Robel '' ? Show me all the policy types associated with that phone number . What are all the policy types of the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed ?
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed ? How many policy types has the customer listed ?
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed ? How many policy types has the customer listed ? List all of them please .
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed ? How many policy types has the customer listed ? List all of them please . What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed?
Find the ids of customers without first notification of loss record .
Find the ids of customers without first notification of loss record . Show me their names .
Find the ids of customers without first notification of loss record . Show me their names . Find the names of users who do not have a first notification of loss record.
Find me names of customers who have used the service `` Close a policy '' .
Find me names of customers who have used the service `` Close a policy '' . Find me names of customers who have also used the service `` Upgrade a policy '' .
Find me names of customers who have used the service `` Close a policy '' . Find me names of customers who have also used the service `` Upgrade a policy '' . Find me names of customers who have used either of the two services .
Find me names of customers who have used the service `` Close a policy '' . Find me names of customers who have also used the service `` Upgrade a policy '' . Find me names of customers who have used either of the two services . Find the names of customers who have used either the service "Close a policy" or the service "Upgrade a policy".
Find the names of customers who have used both the service `` Close a policy '' or the service `` Upgrade a policy '' .
Find the names of customers who have used both the service `` Close a policy '' or the service `` Upgrade a policy '' . How about customers who have used both `` Close a policy '' and `` New policy application '' ?
Find the names of customers who have used both the service `` Close a policy '' or the service `` Upgrade a policy '' . How about customers who have used both `` Close a policy '' and `` New policy application '' ? Find the names of customers who have used both the service "Close a policy" and the service "New policy application".
How many customers are there whose name contains `` Diana '' ?
How many customers are there whose name contains `` Diana '' ? Show me their IDs
How many customers are there whose name contains `` Diana '' ? Show me their IDs Find the IDs of customers whose name contains "Diana".
What is the average settlement amount on record ?
What is the average settlement amount on record ? What are the maximum and minimum ?
What is the average settlement amount on record ? What are the maximum and minimum ? What are the maximum and minimum settlement amount on record?
show all info of wines .
show all info of wines . what is their average rated score ?
show all info of wines . what is their average rated score ? find the name of the lowest rated wine .
show all info of wines . what is their average rated score ? find the name of the lowest rated wine . what about the highest rated one ?
show all info of wines . what is their average rated score ? find the name of the lowest rated wine . what about the highest rated one ? What is the name of the highest rated wine?
what is the name of the highest rated wine ?
what is the name of the highest rated wine ? Which winery is it from ?
what is the name of the highest rated wine ? Which winery is it from ? Which winery is the wine that has the highest score from?
how many wines are there ?
how many wines are there ? how many are made of red color grape ?
how many wines are there ? how many are made of red color grape ? only show their names .
how many wines are there ? how many are made of red color grape ? only show their names . List the names of all distinct wines that are made of red color grape.
what are all appellations ?
what are all appellations ? which of them are in the North Coast area ?
what are all appellations ? which of them are in the North Coast area ? Find the names of all distinct wines from those appellations .
what are all appellations ? which of them are in the North Coast area ? Find the names of all distinct wines from those appellations . Find the names of all distinct wines that have appellations in North Coast area.
what appellations does Sonoma County have ?
what appellations does Sonoma County have ? Give me the name of wines that are produced by them .
what appellations does Sonoma County have ? Give me the name of wines that are produced by them . what is their average price ?
what appellations does Sonoma County have ? Give me the name of wines that are produced by them . what is their average price ? Give me the average prices of wines that are produced by appellations in Sonoma County.
what are all the different colors of grapes ?
what are all the different colors of grapes ? What are the names of wines that are made of white color grapes ?
what are all the different colors of grapes ? What are the names of wines that are made of white color grapes ? also show their scores .
what are all the different colors of grapes ? What are the names of wines that are made of white color grapes ? also show their scores . What are the names and scores of wines that are made of white color grapes?
how many wines were produced before the year of 2005 ?
how many wines were produced before the year of 2005 ? how many of them were made by appelations in the Central Coast area ?
how many wines were produced before the year of 2005 ? how many of them were made by appelations in the Central Coast area ? what is the maximum price among them ?
how many wines were produced before the year of 2005 ? how many of them were made by appelations in the Central Coast area ? what is the maximum price among them ? Find the maximum price of wines from the appelations in Central Coast area and produced before the year of 2005.
show the name of the wines with scores higher than 90 .
show the name of the wines with scores higher than 90 . among them , which are made from white grapes ?
show the name of the wines with scores higher than 90 . among them , which are made from white grapes ? what different grape varieties were they made from ?
show the name of the wines with scores higher than 90 . among them , which are made from white grapes ? what different grape varieties were they made from ? Find the different white color grapes that produced wines with scores higher than 90.
how many wines are there ?
how many wines are there ? how many of them have a price higher than 50 ?
how many wines are there ? how many of them have a price higher than 50 ? find their names .
how many wines are there ? how many of them have a price higher than 50 ? find their names . which are made from red colored grapes ?
how many wines are there ? how many of them have a price higher than 50 ? find their names . which are made from red colored grapes ? What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 and made of Red color grapes?
Find the name of the wines that have prices lower than 50 .
Find the name of the wines that have prices lower than 50 . which ones have appellations from Monterey county ?
Find the name of the wines that have prices lower than 50 . which ones have appellations from Monterey county ? What are the wines that have prices lower than 50 and have appelations in Monterey county?
find the lowest price of all wines .
find the lowest price of all wines . how about among those from John Anthony winery ?
find the lowest price of all wines . how about among those from John Anthony winery ? Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than that .
find the lowest price of all wines . how about among those from John Anthony winery ? Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than that . Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery.
how many wines were produced before the year of 2010 ?
how many wines were produced before the year of 2010 ? which appellation produced the highest number of these ?
how many wines were produced before the year of 2010 ? which appellation produced the highest number of these ? What is the area where that appellation is from ?
how many wines were produced before the year of 2010 ? which appellation produced the highest number of these ? What is the area where that appellation is from ? What is the area of the appelation that produces the highest number of wines before the year of 2010?
what are all different colors of grapes ?
what are all different colors of grapes ? which one produces the wines with the highest average price ?
what are all different colors of grapes ? which one produces the wines with the highest average price ? What is the color of the grape whose wine products have the highest average price?
Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 .
Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 . also list the different names of wines produced after 2010 .
Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 . also list the different names of wines produced after 2010 . Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 or after the year of 2010.
how many wines are made from Zinfandel grapes ?
how many wines are made from Zinfandel grapes ? What are the average prices and number of cases for these wines ?
how many wines are made from Zinfandel grapes ? What are the average prices and number of cases for these wines ? only show numbers for the ones produced in 2009 .
how many wines are made from Zinfandel grapes ? What are the average prices and number of cases for these wines ? only show numbers for the ones produced in 2009 . What are the average prices and cases of wines produced in the year of 2009 and made of Zinfandel grape?
find the names of all wines produced by the St. Helena appelation .
find the names of all wines produced by the St. Helena appelation . which one is the most expensive ?
find the names of all wines produced by the St. Helena appelation . which one is the most expensive ? what is its price ?
find the names of all wines produced by the St. Helena appelation . which one is the most expensive ? what is its price ? also show the best score earned by these wines .
find the names of all wines produced by the St. Helena appelation . which one is the most expensive ? what is its price ? also show the best score earned by these wines . What are the maximum price and score of wines produced by St. Helena appelation?
how many wines were produced in each year ?
how many wines were produced in each year ? What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year ?
how many wines were produced in each year ? What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year ? What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year?
how many different appellations are there ?
how many different appellations are there ? what is the average price for wines from each of them ?
how many different appellations are there ? what is the average price for wines from each of them ? what are their average scores too ?
how many different appellations are there ? what is the average price for wines from each of them ? what are their average scores too ? What are the average price and score of wines grouped by appelation?
what are all the different wineries ?
what are all the different wineries ? how many are there ?
what are all the different wineries ? how many are there ? show those that have at least four wines .
what are all the different wineries ? how many are there ? show those that have at least four wines . Find the wineries that have at least four wines.
find the appellations that have more three wines .
find the appellations that have more three wines . how about those that have at most three ?
find the appellations that have more three wines . how about those that have at most three ? find the countries of these appellations .
find the appellations that have more three wines . how about those that have at most three ? find the countries of these appellations . Find the country of all appelations who have at most three wines.
show the name and year of all wines by Brander winery .
show the name and year of all wines by Brander winery . which one was made the earliest ?
show the name and year of all wines by Brander winery . which one was made the earliest ? What are the names of all wines that were produced before this year ?
show the name and year of all wines by Brander winery . which one was made the earliest ? What are the names of all wines that were produced before this year ? What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery?
what are the names of wines made during the year 2006 ?
what are the names of wines made during the year 2006 ? which one is the most expensive ?
what are the names of wines made during the year 2006 ? which one is the most expensive ? what is the price ?
what are the names of wines made during the year 2006 ? which one is the most expensive ? what is the price ? What are the names of wines that are more expensive than that ?
what are the names of wines made during the year 2006 ? which one is the most expensive ? what is the price ? What are the names of wines that are more expensive than that ? What are the names of wines that are more expensive than all wines made in the year 2006?
how many wines are made of white colored grapes ?
how many wines are made of white colored grapes ? which winery produced the greatest number of these wines ?
how many wines are made of white colored grapes ? which winery produced the greatest number of these wines ? how the top 3 wineries ?
how many wines are made of white colored grapes ? which winery produced the greatest number of these wines ? how the top 3 wineries ? Find the top 3 wineries with the greatest number of wines made of white color grapes.
how many wines cost more than 100 ?
how many wines cost more than 100 ? List the grape , winery and year of these wines .
how many wines cost more than 100 ? List the grape , winery and year of these wines . order them by their produce year .
how many wines cost more than 100 ? List the grape , winery and year of these wines . order them by their produce year . List the grape, winery and year of the wines whose price is bigger than 100 ordered by year.
list all info for wines ordered by their names .
list all info for wines ordered by their names . only show those whose score is higher than 93 .
list all info for wines ordered by their names . only show those whose score is higher than 93 . show their name only .
list all info for wines ordered by their names . only show those whose score is higher than 93 . show their name only . also give me their grapes and appellations .
list all info for wines ordered by their names . only show those whose score is higher than 93 . show their name only . also give me their grapes and appellations . List the grape, appelation and name of wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name.
how many wines were made after the year 2008 ?
how many wines were made after the year 2008 ? what are their appellations ?
how many wines were made after the year 2008 ? what are their appellations ? which of them are not in the Central Coast area ?
how many wines were made after the year 2008 ? what are their appellations ? which of them are not in the Central Coast area ? Find the appelations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area.
Find the average price of wines .
Find the average price of wines . how about for the wines with appellations from Sonoma county ?
Find the average price of wines . how about for the wines with appellations from Sonoma county ? what is the average for wines that are not produced from there ?
Find the average price of wines . how about for the wines with appellations from Sonoma county ? what is the average for wines that are not produced from there ? Find the average price of wines that are not produced from Sonoma county.
Show me the sales for each company !
Show me the sales for each company ! Also , include the industry they are in !
Show me the sales for each company ! Also , include the industry they are in ! Which ones are not in the Banking industry ?
Show me the sales for each company ! Also , include the industry they are in ! Which ones are not in the Banking industry ? What are the minimum and maximum sales ?
Show me the sales for each company ! Also , include the industry they are in ! Which ones are not in the Banking industry ? What are the minimum and maximum sales ? What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
Show me the heights of each building .
Show me the heights of each building . What is the average height ?
Show me the heights of each building . What is the average height ? How about the max height ?
Show me the heights of each building . What is the average height ? How about the max height ? How many stories does the building with this height have ?
Show me the heights of each building . What is the average height ? How about the max height ? How many stories does the building with this height have ? Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
What are names of all the companies ?
What are names of all the companies ? How many of them have office locations ?
What are names of all the companies ? How many of them have office locations ? Which are they ?
What are names of all the companies ? How many of them have office locations ? Which are they ? Also , provide the names all the office locations for each !
What are names of all the companies ? How many of them have office locations ? Which are they ? Also , provide the names all the office locations for each ! List the name of a building along with the name of a company whose office is in the building.
What are the names of all the buildings ?
What are the names of all the buildings ? Which ones have at least one company office ?
What are the names of all the buildings ? Which ones have at least one company office ? How about at least two ?
What are the names of all the buildings ? Which ones have at least one company office ? How about at least two ? Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
What are the buildings with at least one company office ?
What are the buildings with at least one company office ? How many offices do they each have ?
What are the buildings with at least one company office ? How many offices do they each have ? Which one has the most ?
What are the buildings with at least one company office ? How many offices do they each have ? Which one has the most ? What is its name ?
What are the buildings with at least one company office ? How many offices do they each have ? Which one has the most ? What is its name ? Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
List the names of the buildings that have a status on-hold .
List the names of the buildings that have a status on-hold . Also , list their height and number of stories .
List the names of the buildings that have a status on-hold . Also , list their height and number of stories . Actually just show the names and number of stories for each !
List the names of the buildings that have a status on-hold . Also , list their height and number of stories . Actually just show the names and number of stories for each ! Can you just show the names sorted by number of stories FROM least to greatest ?
List the names of the buildings that have a status on-hold . Also , list their height and number of stories . Actually just show the names and number of stories for each ! Can you just show the names sorted by number of stories FROM least to greatest ? Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
Show each company id and its industry .
Show each company id and its industry . Show how many companies are in each industry .
Show each company id and its industry . Show how many companies are in each industry . Sort industries by the number of companies in a descending order !
Show each company id and its industry . Show how many companies are in each industry . Sort industries by the number of companies in a descending order ! Actually , can you just show the industries !
Show each company id and its industry . Show how many companies are in each industry . Sort industries by the number of companies in a descending order ! Actually , can you just show the industries ! Please show the industries of companies in descending order of the number of companies.
How many different company industries are there ?
How many different company industries are there ? What are they ?
How many different company industries are there ? What are they ? Which one has the least number of companies ?
How many different company industries are there ? What are they ? Which one has the least number of companies ? How about the most ?
How many different company industries are there ? What are they ? Which one has the least number of companies ? How about the most ? List the industry shared by the most companies.
How many buildings are there ?
How many buildings are there ? How many have a company office ?
How many buildings are there ? How many have a company office ? What are their building names ?
How many buildings are there ? How many have a company office ? What are their building names ? What are the names of the buildings other than those ?
How many buildings are there ? How many have a company office ? What are their building names ? What are the names of the buildings other than those ? List the names of buildings that have no company office.
How many different industries have companies have headquarters in USA ?
How many different industries have companies have headquarters in USA ? headquarters in China ?
How many different industries have companies have headquarters in USA ? headquarters in China ? how about both ?
How many different industries have companies have headquarters in USA ? headquarters in China ? how about both ? Which ones ?
How many different industries have companies have headquarters in USA ? headquarters in China ? how about both ? Which ones ? Show the industries shared by companies whose headquarters are "USA" and companies whose headquarters are "China".
What industry is each company in ?
What industry is each company in ? How many companies are in Banking industry ?
What industry is each company in ? How many companies are in Banking industry ? How about in the industry Conglomerate ?
What industry is each company in ? How many companies are in Banking industry ? How about in the industry Conglomerate ? How many in total are in either one ?
What industry is each company in ? How many companies are in Banking industry ? How about in the industry Conglomerate ? How many in total are in either one ? Find the number of companies whose industry is "Banking" or "Conglomerate",
Show all info about artists .
Show all info about artists . How many are there ?
Show all info about artists . How many are there ? How many artists do we have?
Show all info about artists
Show all info about artists Can you just give me their name and age ?
Show all info about artists Can you just give me their name and age ? Ohh also add their country .
Show all info about artists Can you just give me their name and age ? Ohh also add their country . Sort them by the year they joined .
Show all info about artists Can you just give me their name and age ? Ohh also add their country . Sort them by the year they joined . Show all artist name, age, and country ordered by the year they joined.
Show all artists .
Show all artists . What are their countries ?
Show all artists . What are their countries ? Just give me distinct ones .
Show all artists . What are their countries ? Just give me distinct ones . What are all distinct country for artists?
Show all artists .
Show all artists . What are their names and year they joined ?
Show all artists . What are their names and year they joined ? Oh please just consider those who are not from United States .
Show all artists . What are their names and year they joined ? Oh please just consider those who are not from United States . Show all artist names and the year joined who are not from United States.
Which artists have an age above 46 ?
Which artists have an age above 46 ? Which artists have an age above 46 and joined after 1990 ?
Which artists have an age above 46 ? Which artists have an age above 46 and joined after 1990 ? How many are there ?
Which artists have an age above 46 ? Which artists have an age above 46 and joined after 1990 ? How many are there ? How many artists are above age 46 and joined after 1990?
Show all artists .
Show all artists . Just show those from United States .
Show all artists . Just show those from United States . What is their average age ?
Show all artists . Just show those from United States . What is their average age ? Also show their minimum age .
Show all artists . Just show those from United States . What is their average age ? Also show their minimum age . What is the average and minimum age of all artists from United States.
What is the year each artist joined ?
What is the year each artist joined ? Can you order artists by the year they joined ?
What is the year each artist joined ? Can you order artists by the year they joined ? What is the name of the artist who joined latest ?
What is the year each artist joined ? Can you order artists by the year they joined ? What is the name of the artist who joined latest ? What is the name of the artist who joined latest?
Show all info about exhibition .
Show all info about exhibition . Hmm just show those that took place after year 2005 .
Show all info about exhibition . Hmm just show those that took place after year 2005 . How many are there ?
Show all info about exhibition . Hmm just show those that took place after year 2005 . How many are there ? How many exhibition are there in year 2005 or after?
Show all info about exhibition .
Show all info about exhibition . What are their themes and years ?
Show all info about exhibition . What are their themes and years ? Which themes and years had ticket prices lower than 15 ?
Show all info about exhibition . What are their themes and years ? Which themes and years had ticket prices lower than 15 ? Show theme and year for all exhibitions with ticket prices lower than 15.
Show all artist names .
Show all artist names . Show all exhibitions .
Show all artist names . Show all exhibitions . Count exhibitions for each artist .
Show all artist names . Show all exhibitions . Count exhibitions for each artist . Show all artist names and the number of exhibitions for each artist .
Show all artist names . Show all exhibitions . Count exhibitions for each artist . Show all artist names and the number of exhibitions for each artist . Show all artist names and the number of exhibitions for each artist.
Count exhibitions for each artist .
Count exhibitions for each artist . Which artist has the most exhibitions ?
Count exhibitions for each artist . Which artist has the most exhibitions ? Give me his or her name and country .
Count exhibitions for each artist . Which artist has the most exhibitions ? Give me his or her name and country . What is the name and country for the artist with most number of exhibitions?
Show all artist ids involved in an exhibition .
Show all artist ids involved in an exhibition . Which artists did not have any exhibition ?
Show all artist ids involved in an exhibition . Which artists did not have any exhibition ? What are their names ?
Show all artist ids involved in an exhibition . Which artists did not have any exhibition ? What are their names ? Show names for artists without any exhibition.
Show all exhibitions .
Show all exhibitions . What is the average ticket price ?
Show all exhibitions . What is the average ticket price ? Which exhibitions have a ticket price higher than the average ?
Show all exhibitions . What is the average ticket price ? Which exhibitions have a ticket price higher than the average ? What are the themes and artist names for the exhibitions with a ticket price higher than the average ?
Show all exhibitions . What is the average ticket price ? Which exhibitions have a ticket price higher than the average ? What are the themes and artist names for the exhibitions with a ticket price higher than the average ? What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average?
Show all info about exhibitions .
Show all info about exhibitions . Which exhibitions were before year 2009 ?
Show all info about exhibitions . Which exhibitions were before year 2009 ? What are their average ticket prices ?
Show all info about exhibitions . Which exhibitions were before year 2009 ? What are their average ticket prices ? Can you also show their minimum , and maximum ticket prices ?
Show all info about exhibitions . Which exhibitions were before year 2009 ? What are their average ticket prices ? Can you also show their minimum , and maximum ticket prices ? Show the average, minimum, and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009.
What is the ticket price of each exhibition ?
What is the ticket price of each exhibition ? Sort exhibitions in a descending order of ticket price .
What is the ticket price of each exhibition ? Sort exhibitions in a descending order of ticket price . Can you show the theme and year of exhibitions ?
What is the ticket price of each exhibition ? Sort exhibitions in a descending order of ticket price . Can you show the theme and year of exhibitions ? Show theme and year for all exhibitions in a descending order of ticket price.
Which exhibitions were held in year 2004 ?
Which exhibitions were held in year 2004 ? What were the themes for each ?
Which exhibitions were held in year 2004 ? What were the themes for each ? Can you also the dates , and attendances ?
Which exhibitions were held in year 2004 ? What were the themes for each ? Can you also the dates , and attendances ? What is the theme, date, and attendance for the exhibition in year 2004?
Show all exhibitions in 2004 .
Show all exhibitions in 2004 . Show all artists .
Show all exhibitions in 2004 . Show all artists . Show all the names of the artists who did n't have an exhibition in 2004 .
Show all exhibitions in 2004 . Show all artists . Show all the names of the artists who did n't have an exhibition in 2004 . Show all artist names who didn't have an exhibition in 2004.
Show the theme of each exhibition .
Show the theme of each exhibition . How about of each exhibition with an attendance below 100 ?
Show the theme of each exhibition . How about of each exhibition with an attendance below 100 ? How about of each exhibition with an attendance below 100 or above 500 ?
Show the theme of each exhibition . How about of each exhibition with an attendance below 100 ? How about of each exhibition with an attendance below 100 or above 500 ? Show the theme for exhibitions with both records of an attendance below 100 and above 500.
Which exhibition has an attendance more than 100 ?
Which exhibition has an attendance more than 100 ? How about those with an attendance of more than 100 or a ticket price below 10 ?
Which exhibition has an attendance more than 100 ? How about those with an attendance of more than 100 or a ticket price below 10 ? How many are there ?
Which exhibition has an attendance more than 100 ? How about those with an attendance of more than 100 or a ticket price below 10 ? How many are there ? How many exhibitions have a attendance more than 100 or have a ticket price below 10?
How many counties are there ?
How many counties are there ? What is the average crime rate of counties ?
How many counties are there ? What is the average crime rate of counties ? How about the minimum and maximum ?
How many counties are there ? What is the average crime rate of counties ? How about the minimum and maximum ? What are the minimum and maximum crime rate of counties?
What is the average population ?
What is the average population ? What is the maximum population ?
What is the average population ? What is the maximum population ? What is the name of its county ?
What is the average population ? What is the maximum population ? What is the name of its county ? List the name of the county with the largest population.
What is the minimum white percentage of the counties ?
What is the minimum white percentage of the counties ? How about the largest 5 white percentages ?
What is the minimum white percentage of the counties ? How about the largest 5 white percentages ? List the names of their cities .
What is the minimum white percentage of the counties ? How about the largest 5 white percentages ? List the names of their cities . List the names of the city with the top 5 white percentages.
What is the average number of police officers of all counties ?
What is the average number of police officers of all counties ? Which county has largest number of police officers ? Show its county_ID .
What is the average number of police officers of all counties ? Which county has largest number of police officers ? Show its county_ID . Which cities are located in this county ?
What is the average number of police officers of all counties ? Which county has largest number of police officers ? Show its county_ID . Which cities are located in this county ? Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers.
What is the average population of all counties ?
What is the average population of all counties ? How many counties have a population more than 20000 ?
What is the average population of all counties ? How many counties have a population more than 20000 ? How many cities are located in these counties ?
What is the average population of all counties ? How many counties have a population more than 20000 ? How many cities are located in these counties ? Show the number of cities in counties that have a population more than 20000.
What is the laargest white percentage among all cities ?
What is the laargest white percentage among all cities ? How many cities have a white percentage of more than 90 ?
What is the laargest white percentage among all cities ? How many cities have a white percentage of more than 90 ? What is the id of the county this city is located in ?
What is the laargest white percentage among all cities ? How many cities have a white percentage of more than 90 ? What is the id of the county this city is located in ? What is this county 's crime rate ?
What is the laargest white percentage among all cities ? How many cities have a white percentage of more than 90 ? What is the id of the county this city is located in ? What is this county 's crime rate ? Show the crime rate of counties with a city having white percentage more than 90.
How many different locations are there ?
How many different locations are there ? What is the location shared by the fewest counties ?
How many different locations are there ? What is the location shared by the fewest counties ? How about the one shared by most counties ?
How many different locations are there ? What is the location shared by the fewest counties ? How about the one shared by most counties ? What is the location shared by most counties?
How many cities does each county have ?
How many cities does each county have ? Could you order the results by the number of cities ?
How many cities does each county have ? Could you order the results by the number of cities ? Which counties do not have any cities ? List their names .
How many cities does each county have ? Could you order the results by the number of cities ? Which counties do not have any cities ? List their names . List the names of counties that do not have any cities.
How many counties with location on the east ?
How many counties with location on the east ? How about the number of counties with location on the west ?
How many counties with location on the east ? How about the number of counties with location on the west ? Please show the police forces in counties with location on the east .
How many counties with location on the east ? How about the number of counties with location on the west ? Please show the police forces in counties with location on the east . How about the police forces shared by counties with location on the east and west ?
How many counties with location on the east ? How about the number of counties with location on the west ? Please show the police forces in counties with location on the east . How about the police forces shared by counties with location on the east and west ? Show the police force shared by counties with location on the east and west.
What is the id of the medicine 'Amisulpride ' ?
What is the id of the medicine 'Amisulpride ' ? What are the enzyme ids that interact as inhibitor with medicine 'Amisulpride ' ?
What is the id of the medicine 'Amisulpride ' ? What are the enzyme ids that interact as inhibitor with medicine 'Amisulpride ' ? What is the name of this enzyme ?
What is the id of the medicine 'Amisulpride ' ? What are the enzyme ids that interact as inhibitor with medicine 'Amisulpride ' ? What is the name of this enzyme ? What are the names of enzymes in the medicine named 'Amisulpride' that can serve as an 'inhibitor'?
What are the ids of medicines that interact with at least one enzyme ?
What are the ids of medicines that interact with at least one enzyme ? Give their names , too .
What are the ids of medicines that interact with at least one enzyme ? Give their names , too . Only show that information for medicines with at least two interactions .
What are the ids of medicines that interact with at least one enzyme ? Give their names , too . Only show that information for medicines with at least two interactions . What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes?
Show the id , name , and FDA approval for medicines .
Show the id , name , and FDA approval for medicines . Only ones that have some interaction with an enzyme .
Show the id , name , and FDA approval for medicines . Only ones that have some interaction with an enzyme . Order that by descending order of number of enzymes the medicine interacts with .
Show the id , name , and FDA approval for medicines . Only ones that have some interaction with an enzyme . Order that by descending order of number of enzymes the medicine interacts with . What are the ids, names and FDA approval status of medicines in descending order of the number of enzymes that it can interact with.
What are the ids of enzymes that interact with at least one enzyme ?
What are the ids of enzymes that interact with at least one enzyme ? Give their names , too .
What are the ids of enzymes that interact with at least one enzyme ? Give their names , too . Which of those can interact as an 'activator ' ?
What are the ids of enzymes that interact with at least one enzyme ? Give their names , too . Which of those can interact as an 'activator ' ? Which of those interacts as 'activator ' with the most number of medicines ?
What are the ids of enzymes that interact with at least one enzyme ? Give their names , too . Which of those can interact as an 'activator ' ? Which of those interacts as 'activator ' with the most number of medicines ? What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator'?
What is the enzyme id of 'ALA synthase ' ?
What is the enzyme id of 'ALA synthase ' ? How about for the medicine named 'Aripiprazole ' ?
What is the enzyme id of 'ALA synthase ' ? How about for the medicine named 'Aripiprazole ' ? Show where those two ids index into the interaction table together .
What is the enzyme id of 'ALA synthase ' ? How about for the medicine named 'Aripiprazole ' ? Show where those two ids index into the interaction table together . Just give the interaction type for that entry .
What is the enzyme id of 'ALA synthase ' ? How about for the medicine named 'Aripiprazole ' ? Show where those two ids index into the interaction table together . Just give the interaction type for that entry . What is the interaction type of the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
Show the interaction types in decreasing order of frequency .
Show the interaction types in decreasing order of frequency . Show the counts , too .
Show the interaction types in decreasing order of frequency . Show the counts , too . Only show the most frequent .
Show the interaction types in decreasing order of frequency . Show the counts , too . Only show the most frequent . What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine? And how many are there?
Which enzyme ids have interactions ?
Which enzyme ids have interactions ? Which ids do not ?
Which enzyme ids have interactions ? Which ids do not ? Count that .
Which enzyme ids have interactions ? Which ids do not ? Count that . How many enzymes do not have any interactions?
Which medicine ids interact with at least three enzymes ?
Which medicine ids interact with at least three enzymes ? Also give the trade name for that medicine .
Which medicine ids interact with at least three enzymes ? Also give the trade name for that medicine . What is the id and trade name of the medicines can interact with at least 3 enzymes?
Which enzyme ids have any 'inhibitor ' interaction ?
Which enzyme ids have any 'inhibitor ' interaction ? For those enzyme , give the name , location and products .
Which enzyme ids have any 'inhibitor ' interaction ? For those enzyme , give the name , location and products . What are the distinct name, location and products of the enzymes which has any 'inhibitor' interaction?
Which medicine id can interact both as 'inhibitor ' and as 'activitor ' ?
Which medicine id can interact both as 'inhibitor ' and as 'activitor ' ? Give the medicine name and trade name for those .
Which medicine id can interact both as 'inhibitor ' and as 'activitor ' ? Give the medicine name and trade name for those . List the medicine name and trade name which can both interact as 'inhibitor' and 'activitor' with enzymes.
Which medicine ids can interact with enzyme with product 'Protoporphyrinogen IX ' ?
Which medicine ids can interact with enzyme with product 'Protoporphyrinogen IX ' ? Which ones can not ?
Which medicine ids can interact with enzyme with product 'Protoporphyrinogen IX ' ? Which ones can not ? Give the name and trade names for those .
Which medicine ids can interact with enzyme with product 'Protoporphyrinogen IX ' ? Which ones can not ? Give the name and trade names for those . Show the medicine names and trade names that cannot interact with the enzyme with product 'Protoporphyrinogen IX'.
Tell me the films which Nick participated in .
Tell me the films which Nick participated in . How many are there ?
Tell me the films which Nick participated in . How many are there ? And what is the most popular first name of the actors ?
Tell me the films which Nick participated in . How many are there ? And what is the most popular first name of the actors ? What is the most popular first name of the actors?
Tell the last name of the actor with first name ED .
Tell the last name of the actor with first name ED . How about that of the actor with first name GRACE ?
Tell the last name of the actor with first name ED . How about that of the actor with first name GRACE ? tell me the most popular full name of the actors .
Tell the last name of the actor with first name ED . How about that of the actor with first name GRACE ? tell me the most popular full name of the actors . What is the most popular full name of the actors?
Tell me the city of address `` 47 MySakila Drive '' .
Tell me the city of address `` 47 MySakila Drive '' . What is the district of this address ?
Tell me the city of address `` 47 MySakila Drive '' . What is the district of this address ? Which districts have at least two addresses ?
Tell me the city of address `` 47 MySakila Drive '' . What is the district of this address ? Which districts have at least two addresses ? Which districts have at least two addresses?
What is the district of `` 1913 Hanoi Way ? ''
What is the district of `` 1913 Hanoi Way ? '' Tell me the city of this address .
What is the district of `` 1913 Hanoi Way ? '' Tell me the city of this address . Which city has the most addresses ? List the city name , number of addresses , and city id
What is the district of `` 1913 Hanoi Way ? '' Tell me the city of this address . Which city has the most addresses ? List the city name , number of addresses , and city id Which city has the most addresses? List the city name, number of addresses, and city id.
Tell me the actors ' first name in the film `` ACE GOLDFINGER '' .
Tell me the actors ' first name in the film `` ACE GOLDFINGER '' . What is the rental fee of this film ?
Tell me the actors ' first name in the film `` ACE GOLDFINGER '' . What is the rental fee of this film ? Which film is rented at a fee of 0.99 and has less than 3 in the inventory ? List the film title and id .
Tell me the actors ' first name in the film `` ACE GOLDFINGER '' . What is the rental fee of this film ? Which film is rented at a fee of 0.99 and has less than 3 in the inventory ? List the film title and id . Which film is rented at a fee of 0.99 and has less than 3 in the inventory? List the film title and id.
Tell me the city of address `` 1913 Hanoi Way '' .
Tell me the city of address `` 1913 Hanoi Way '' . What is the country of this address ?
Tell me the city of address `` 1913 Hanoi Way '' . What is the country of this address ? And how many cities are there in Australia ?
Tell me the city of address `` 1913 Hanoi Way '' . What is the country of this address ? And how many cities are there in Australia ? How many cities are there in Australia?
Tell me the phones in the city `` Acua '' .
Tell me the phones in the city `` Acua '' . How about that of the the city `` Bag '' ?
Tell me the phones in the city `` Acua '' . How about that of the the city `` Bag '' ? Which countries have at least 3 cities ?
Tell me the phones in the city `` Acua '' . How about that of the the city `` Bag '' ? Which countries have at least 3 cities ? Which countries have at least 3 cities?
Tell me the payment amount for the payment id 4 .
Tell me the payment amount for the payment id 4 . How about its date ?
Tell me the payment amount for the payment id 4 . How about its date ? Tell me all the payment dates for the payments with an amount larger than 10 and the payments handled by a staff person with the first name Elsa .
Tell me the payment amount for the payment id 4 . How about its date ? Tell me all the payment dates for the payments with an amount larger than 10 and the payments handled by a staff person with the first name Elsa . Find all the payment dates for the payments with an amount larger than 10 and the payments handled by a staff person with the first name Elsa.
Tell me the category of the film `` ADAPTATION HOLES '' .
Tell me the category of the film `` ADAPTATION HOLES '' . How about the rental rate of this film ?
Tell me the category of the film `` ADAPTATION HOLES '' . How about the rental rate of this film ? tell me which film has the highest rental rate ? What is that rate ?
Tell me the category of the film `` ADAPTATION HOLES '' . How about the rental rate of this film ? tell me which film has the highest rental rate ? What is that rate ? Which film has the highest rental rate? And what is the rate?
Tell me the films which BETTE participated in .
Tell me the films which BETTE participated in . How about the films which JOE starred in ?
Tell me the films which BETTE participated in . How about the films which JOE starred in ? Which film has the most number of actors or actresses ? List the film name , film id and description .
Tell me the films which BETTE participated in . How about the films which JOE starred in ? Which film has the most number of actors or actresses ? List the film name , film id and description . Which film has the most number of actors or actresses? List the film name, film id and description.
Tell me the description of the film titled `` AIRPORT POLLOCK '' .
Tell me the description of the film titled `` AIRPORT POLLOCK '' . Who are the actors in this film ? Give the first and last name .
Tell me the description of the film titled `` AIRPORT POLLOCK '' . Who are the actors in this film ? Give the first and last name . And which film actor ( actress ) starred in the most films ? List his or her first name , last name and actor id .
Tell me the description of the film titled `` AIRPORT POLLOCK '' . Who are the actors in this film ? Give the first and last name . And which film actor ( actress ) starred in the most films ? List his or her first name , last name and actor id . Which film actor (actress) starred the most films? List his or her first name, last name and actor id.
Tell me the release year of the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' .
Tell me the release year of the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' . tell me the last name of the actors in it .
Tell me the release year of the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' . tell me the last name of the actors in it . Tell me which film actors ( actresses ) played a role in more than 30 films ? List his or her first name and last name .
Tell me the release year of the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' . tell me the last name of the actors in it . Tell me which film actors ( actresses ) played a role in more than 30 films ? List his or her first name and last name . Which film actors (actresses) played a role in more than 30 films? List his or her first name and last name.
Tell me the number of items in the inventory for the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' .
Tell me the number of items in the inventory for the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' . Which film has the most items ?
Tell me the number of items in the inventory for the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' . Which film has the most items ? Which store owns most items ?
Tell me the number of items in the inventory for the film titled `` ALI FOREVER '' . Which film has the most items ? Which store owns most items ? Which store owns most items?
Tell me the email of customer with first name PATRICIA .
Tell me the email of customer with first name PATRICIA . Tell me all the information about the payments they made .
Tell me the email of customer with first name PATRICIA . Tell me all the information about the payments they made . tell me which customer , who has made at least one payment , has spent the least money . List his or her first name , last name , and the id .
Tell me the email of customer with first name PATRICIA . Tell me all the information about the payments they made . tell me which customer , who has made at least one payment , has spent the least money . List his or her first name , last name , and the id . Which customer, who has made at least one payment, has spent the least money? List his or her first name, last name, and the id.
What are the actors in the film titled ALONE TRIP ?
What are the actors in the film titled ALONE TRIP ? How about that of the film titled HUNGER ROOF ?
What are the actors in the film titled ALONE TRIP ? How about that of the film titled HUNGER ROOF ? What 's the genre name of this film ?
What are the actors in the film titled ALONE TRIP ? How about that of the film titled HUNGER ROOF ? What 's the genre name of this film ? What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF?
Tell me about the special features of the film titled ACADEMY DINOSAUR .
Tell me about the special features of the film titled ACADEMY DINOSAUR . What is its category ?
Tell me about the special features of the film titled ACADEMY DINOSAUR . What is its category ? How many films are there in each category ?
Tell me about the special features of the film titled ACADEMY DINOSAUR . What is its category ? How many films are there in each category ? How many films are there in each category? List the genre name, genre id and the count.
Tell me the rating of the film titled AGENT TRUMAN .
Tell me the rating of the film titled AGENT TRUMAN . Tell me the number of its copies in the inventory .
Tell me the rating of the film titled AGENT TRUMAN . Tell me the number of its copies in the inventory . And which film has the most copies in the inventory ? Tell me both title and id .
Tell me the rating of the film titled AGENT TRUMAN . Tell me the number of its copies in the inventory . And which film has the most copies in the inventory ? Tell me both title and id . Which film has the most copies in the inventory? List both title and id.
What is the rental rate of film titled ALAMO VIDEOTAPE ?
What is the rental rate of film titled ALAMO VIDEOTAPE ? How about the number of times it was rented .
What is the rental rate of film titled ALAMO VIDEOTAPE ? How about the number of times it was rented . What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently ?
What is the rental rate of film titled ALAMO VIDEOTAPE ? How about the number of times it was rented . What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently ? What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently?
Tell me the number of items in store 2 .
Tell me the number of items in store 2 . Tell me that of store 1 .
Tell me the number of items in store 2 . Tell me that of store 1 . And where is store 1 located ?
Tell me the number of items in store 2 . Tell me that of store 1 . And where is store 1 located ? Where is store 1 located?
Tell me the date of payment with id 3 .
Tell me the date of payment with id 3 . How about its staff name ? Give the first name and last name .
Tell me the date of payment with id 3 . How about its staff name ? Give the first name and last name . tell me which staff handled the least number of payments ? List the full name and the id .
Tell me the date of payment with id 3 . How about its staff name ? Give the first name and last name . tell me which staff handled the least number of payments ? List the full name and the id . Which staff handled least number of payments? List the full name and the id.
What is the length of the film titled AIRPORT POLLOCK ?
What is the length of the film titled AIRPORT POLLOCK ? How about its rental duration ?
What is the length of the film titled AIRPORT POLLOCK ? How about its rental duration ? And which language does the film AIRPORT POLLOCK use ? List the language name .
What is the length of the film titled AIRPORT POLLOCK ? How about its rental duration ? And which language does the film AIRPORT POLLOCK use ? List the language name . Which language does the film AIRPORT POLLOCK use? List the language name.
Tell me the movies in which the actor named ZERO played a role in .
Tell me the movies in which the actor named ZERO played a role in . What are the special features of this film ?
Tell me the movies in which the actor named ZERO played a role in . What are the special features of this film ? Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes ' as a substring in the special feature ?
Tell me the movies in which the actor named ZERO played a role in . What are the special features of this film ? Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes ' as a substring in the special feature ? Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes' as a substring in the special feature?
What are the payments of the customer named LINDA ?
What are the payments of the customer named LINDA ? What are the dates of these payments ?
What are the payments of the customer named LINDA ? What are the dates of these payments ? And when did the first payment happen ?
What are the payments of the customer named LINDA ? What are the dates of these payments ? And when did the first payment happen ? When did the first payment happen?
How many payments did LINDA make ?
How many payments did LINDA make ? Tell me all the information about the largest one .
How many payments did LINDA make ? Tell me all the information about the largest one . tell me where she lives , and also her email .
How many payments did LINDA make ? Tell me all the information about the largest one . tell me where she lives , and also her email . Where does the customer with the first name Linda live? And what is her email?
Tell me the release year of the film titleed ACE GOLDFINGER .
Tell me the release year of the film titleed ACE GOLDFINGER . What is the rating of this film ?
Tell me the release year of the film titleed ACE GOLDFINGER . What is the rating of this film ? tell me all the films longer than 100 minutes , or rated PG , except those who cost more than 200 for replacement .
Tell me the release year of the film titleed ACE GOLDFINGER . What is the rating of this film ? tell me all the films longer than 100 minutes , or rated PG , except those who cost more than 200 for replacement . Find all the films longer than 100 minutes, or rated PG, except those who cost more than 200 for replacement. List the titles.
Tell me the email of the customer named MARIA .
Tell me the email of the customer named MARIA . Tell me all the information about her rentals .
Tell me the email of the customer named MARIA . Tell me all the information about her rentals . What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental ?
Tell me the email of the customer named MARIA . Tell me all the information about her rentals . What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental ? What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental?
Tell me the customer of rental with id 2 .
Tell me the customer of rental with id 2 . How about its return date ?
Tell me the customer of rental with id 2 . How about its return date ? What is the full name of the staff member who has rented a film to a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns ?
Tell me the customer of rental with id 2 . How about its return date ? What is the full name of the staff member who has rented a film to a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns ? What is the full name of the staff member who has rented a film to a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns?
Tell me all the information about the stores .
Tell me all the information about the stores . Tell me how many items are in store 3 .
Tell me all the information about the stores . Tell me how many items are in store 3 . Which store has the most customers ?
Tell me all the information about the stores . Tell me how many items are in store 3 . Which store has the most customers ? Which store has most the customers?
Tell me all the information about Lisa 's payments .
Tell me all the information about Lisa 's payments . What 's the largest one among those ? Give the payment amount .
Tell me all the information about Lisa 's payments . What 's the largest one among those ? Give the payment amount . What 's the largest one among all the payments ?
Tell me all the information about Lisa 's payments . What 's the largest one among those ? Give the payment amount . What 's the largest one among all the payments ? What is the largest payment amount?
Tell me the store in which the staff member with first name `` Elsa '' works .
Tell me the store in which the staff member with first name `` Elsa '' works . Tell me her email .
Tell me the store in which the staff member with first name `` Elsa '' works . Tell me her email . Where does she live ?
Tell me the store in which the staff member with first name `` Elsa '' works . Tell me her email . Where does she live ? Where does the staff member with the first name Elsa live?
Show the id for all accounts .
Show the id for all accounts . Also show the date the account opened and the account name .
Show the id for all accounts . Also show the date the account opened and the account name . Also show account details .
Show the id for all accounts . Also show the date the account opened and the account name . Also show account details . Show the id, the date of account opened, the account name, and other account detail for all accounts.
Show the account id for all accounts .
Show the account id for all accounts . Also show the customer first name for these accounts .
Show the account id for all accounts . Also show the customer first name for these accounts . What are the ids for the accounts owned by the customer with first name 'Meaghan ' ?
Show the account id for all accounts . Also show the customer first name for these accounts . What are the ids for the accounts owned by the customer with first name 'Meaghan ' ? Also show the account name , and other account details for these accounts .
Show the account id for all accounts . Also show the customer first name for these accounts . What are the ids for the accounts owned by the customer with first name 'Meaghan ' ? Also show the account name , and other account details for these accounts . Show the id, the account name, and other account details for all accounts by the customer with first name 'Meaghan'.
Show the account name and other account details for all accounts .
Show the account name and other account details for all accounts . How about those accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling ?
Show the account name and other account details for all accounts . How about those accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling ? Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling.
Show the first name and last name for all customers .
Show the first name and last name for all customers . Also show their account names .
Show the first name and last name for all customers . Also show their account names . Who has the account with name 900 ?
Show the first name and last name for all customers . Also show their account names . Who has the account with name 900 ? Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900.
Show the first name , last name , and phone number for all customers .
Show the first name , last name , and phone number for all customers . How about those with an account ?
Show the first name , last name , and phone number for all customers . How about those with an account ? Show their distinct information .
Show the first name , last name , and phone number for all customers . How about those with an account ? Show their distinct information . Show the unique first names, last names, and phone numbers for all customers with any account.
Show customer ids for all customers .
Show customer ids for all customers . Show ids for those who have an account .
Show customer ids for all customers . Show ids for those who have an account . How about those who do n't ?
Show customer ids for all customers . Show ids for those who have an account . How about those who do n't ? Show customer ids who don't have an account.
Show the id for all customers with an account .
Show the id for all customers with an account . How many accounts do each of them have ?
Show the id for all customers with an account . How many accounts do each of them have ? How many accounts does each customer have? List the number and customer id.
Show the customer id for all customers with an account .
Show the customer id for all customers with an account . Also show their first and last name .
Show the customer id for all customers with an account . Also show their first and last name . Order them by the number of accounts in descending order .
Show the customer id for all customers with an account . Also show their first and last name . Order them by the number of accounts in descending order . Who has the most ?
Show the customer id for all customers with an account . Also show their first and last name . Order them by the number of accounts in descending order . Who has the most ? What is the customer id, first and last name with most number of accounts.
Show the first name and last name for all customers .
Show the first name and last name for all customers . Also show the number of accounts owned by each of them .
Show the first name and last name for all customers . Also show the number of accounts owned by each of them . Also show their customer ids .
Show the first name and last name for all customers . Also show the number of accounts owned by each of them . Also show their customer ids . Show id, first name and last name for all customers and the number of accounts.
Show the first name and id for all customers with an accout .
Show the first name and id for all customers with an accout . For each of them , also count the number of accounts .
Show the first name and id for all customers with an accout . For each of them , also count the number of accounts . Show the first name and id for those with at least 2 accounts .
Show the first name and id for all customers with an accout . For each of them , also count the number of accounts . Show the first name and id for those with at least 2 accounts . Show first name and id for all customers with at least 2 accounts.
Show the total number of customers .
Show the total number of customers . Break down this number by gender .
Show the total number of customers . Break down this number by gender . Show the number of customers for each gender.
Show the information for all financial transactions .
Show the information for all financial transactions . How many are there ?
Show the information for all financial transactions . How many are there ? How many transactions do we have?
Show the id of accounts with a financial transaction .
Show the id of accounts with a financial transaction . For each of them , count the number of financial transactions .
Show the id of accounts with a financial transaction . For each of them , count the number of financial transactions . How many transaction does each account have? Show the number and account id.
Show the transaction id for each financial transaction .
Show the transaction id for each financial transaction . Also show the account name for each of them .
Show the transaction id for each financial transaction . Also show the account name for each of them . Limit the results to transactions from accounts with the account name 337 .
Show the transaction id for each financial transaction . Also show the account name for each of them . Limit the results to transactions from accounts with the account name 337 . How many of those are there ?
Show the transaction id for each financial transaction . Also show the account name for each of them . Limit the results to transactions from accounts with the account name 337 . How many of those are there ? How many transaction does account with name 337 have?
Show the transaction amount for each transaction .
Show the transaction amount for each transaction . What is the average ?
Show the transaction amount for each transaction . What is the average ? Also show the minimum , maximum , and total .
Show the transaction amount for each transaction . What is the average ? Also show the minimum , maximum , and total . What is the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amount?
Show ids for all transactions .
Show ids for all transactions . What is the average transaction amount ?
Show ids for all transactions . What is the average transaction amount ? What are the ids of transactions whose amount is greater than it ?
Show ids for all transactions . What is the average transaction amount ? What are the ids of transactions whose amount is greater than it ? Show ids for all transactions whose amounts are greater than the average.
Show the transaction type for each transaction .
Show the transaction type for each transaction . For each type , what is the total amount of transactions ?
Show the transaction type for each transaction . For each type , what is the total amount of transactions ? Show the transaction types and the total amount of transactions.
Show the account id for each transaction .
Show the account id for each transaction . Also show the account name for each .
Show the account id for each transaction . Also show the account name for each . For each account , show the number of transactions .
Show the account id for each transaction . Also show the account name for each . For each account , show the number of transactions . Show the account name, id and the number of transactions for each account.
Show the account id for each transaction .
Show the account id for each transaction . For each of them , show the number of transactions .
Show the account id for each transaction . For each of them , show the number of transactions . Order the ids in descending order of the number of transactions .
Show the account id for each transaction . For each of them , show the number of transactions . Order the ids in descending order of the number of transactions . Which id has the most ?
Show the account id for each transaction . For each of them , show the number of transactions . Order the ids in descending order of the number of transactions . Which id has the most ? Show the account id with most number of transactions.
Show the account id and name for each account with a transaction .
Show the account id and name for each account with a transaction . Also count the number of transactions for each of them .
Show the account id and name for each account with a transaction . Also count the number of transactions for each of them . Which of them have at least 4 transactions ?
Show the account id and name for each account with a transaction . Also count the number of transactions for each of them . Which of them have at least 4 transactions ? Show the account id and name with at least 4 transactions.
Show information for all products .
Show information for all products . What are their sizes ?
Show information for all products . What are their sizes ? Only show distinct sizes .
Show information for all products . What are their sizes ? Only show distinct sizes . Show all product sizes.
Show info for all products .
Show info for all products . Show their distinct colors .
Show info for all products . Show their distinct colors . Show all product colors.
Show the invoice number for each transaction .
Show the invoice number for each transaction . For each of them , show the number of transactions .
Show the invoice number for each transaction . For each of them , show the number of transactions . Show the invoice number and the number of transactions for each invoice.
Show the invoice number of each transaction .
Show the invoice number of each transaction . Also show the invoice date .
Show the invoice number of each transaction . Also show the invoice date . Also show the number of transactions for each of them .
Show the invoice number of each transaction . Also show the invoice date . Also show the number of transactions for each of them . Which one has the most transactions ?
Show the invoice number of each transaction . Also show the invoice date . Also show the number of transactions for each of them . Which one has the most transactions ? What is the invoice number and invoice date for the invoice with most number of transactions?
Show the information for all invoices .
Show the information for all invoices . How many are there ?
Show the information for all invoices . How many are there ? How many invoices do we have?
Show the invoice date for all invoices .
Show the invoice date for all invoices . Also show their order ids .
Show the invoice date for all invoices . Also show their order ids . Also show their order details .
Show the invoice date for all invoices . Also show their order ids . Also show their order details . Show invoice dates and order id and details for all invoices.
Show the order id for each invoice .
Show the order id for each invoice . What is the number of invoices for each order ?
Show the order id for each invoice . What is the number of invoices for each order ? Show the order ids and the number of invoices for each order.
Show the order id and order details for all orders .
Show the order id and order details for all orders . For each of them , count the number of invoices as well .
Show the order id and order details for all orders . For each of them , count the number of invoices as well . Which of them have more than two ?
Show the order id and order details for all orders . For each of them , count the number of invoices as well . Which of them have more than two ? What is the order id and order details for the order more than two invoices.
Show the last name , id , and phone number for all customers .
Show the last name , id , and phone number for all customers . For each of them , show the number of orders as well .
Show the last name , id , and phone number for all customers . For each of them , show the number of orders as well . Sort them in descending order of the number of orders .
Show the last name , id , and phone number for all customers . For each of them , show the number of orders as well . Sort them in descending order of the number of orders . Who has the most ?
Show the last name , id , and phone number for all customers . For each of them , show the number of orders as well . Sort them in descending order of the number of orders . Who has the most ? What is the customer last name, id and phone number with most number of orders?
Show all product names
Show all product names Which of them has an order ?
Show all product names Which of them has an order ? Which of them do n't ?
Show all product names Which of them has an order ? Which of them do n't ? Show all product names without an order.
Show all product names
Show all product names Also show the quantity ordered for each order of a product .
Show all product names Also show the quantity ordered for each order of a product . What is the total quantity ordered for each product name ?
Show all product names Also show the quantity ordered for each order of a product . What is the total quantity ordered for each product name ? Show all product names and the total quantity ordered for each product name.
Show the order id for each order item .
Show the order id for each order item . For each of those ids , how many items were ordered ?
Show the order id for each order item . For each of those ids , how many items were ordered ? Show the order ids and the number of items in each order.
Show the product id for all orders .
Show the product id for all orders . Also show the order id .
Show the product id for all orders . Also show the order id . For each of those product ids , what is the number of unique orders containing each product ?
Show the product id for all orders . Also show the order id . For each of those product ids , what is the number of unique orders containing each product ? Show the product ids and the number of unique orders containing each product.
Show all product names .
Show all product names . For each of them , what is the number of order items on each ?
Show all product names . For each of them , what is the number of order items on each ? Show all product names and the number of order items on each product.
Show the order id for all order items .
Show the order id for all order items . Also show the product id .
Show the order id for all order items . Also show the product id . For each order , show the number of products .
Show the order id for all order items . Also show the product id . For each order , show the number of products . Show order ids and the number of products in each order.
Show the order id for each order item .
Show the order id for each order item . For each of those items , also show the product quantities .
Show the order id for each order item . For each of those items , also show the product quantities . For each order , what is the total quantity ?
Show the order id for each order item . For each of those items , also show the product quantities . For each order , what is the total quantity ? Show order ids and the total quantity in each order.
Show all information about department heads .
Show all information about department heads . How many heads of departments are there ?
Show all information about department heads . How many heads of departments are there ? How many heads of department are older than 56 ?
Show all information about department heads . How many heads of departments are there ? How many heads of department are older than 56 ? How many heads of the departments are older than 56 ?
Show the names of the heads of departments .
Show the names of the heads of departments . Show the state where each department head was born .
Show the names of the heads of departments . Show the state where each department head was born . Show the age of the heads of departments .
Show the names of the heads of departments . Show the state where each department head was born . Show the age of the heads of departments . Please order this information by heads ' ages .
Show the names of the heads of departments . Show the state where each department head was born . Show the age of the heads of departments . Please order this information by heads ' ages . List the name, born state and age of the heads of departments ordered by age.
List the creation year of each department .
List the creation year of each department . List the name of each department .
List the creation year of each department . List the name of each department . List the budget of each department .
List the creation year of each department . List the name of each department . List the budget of each department . List the creation year , name and budget of each department .
List the creation year of each department . List the name of each department . List the budget of each department . List the creation year , name and budget of each department . List the creation year, name and budget of each department.
List the budget of each department .
List the budget of each department . What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments ?
List the budget of each department . What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments ? What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments?
How many employees does each department have ?
How many employees does each department have ? What is the number of employees of the departments whose rank is between 10 and 15 ?
How many employees does each department have ? What is the number of employees of the departments whose rank is between 10 and 15 ? What is the average number of employees of these departments ?
How many employees does each department have ? What is the number of employees of the departments whose rank is between 10 and 15 ? What is the average number of employees of these departments ? What is the average number of employees of the departments whose rank is between 10 and 15?
Show all the names of the department heads .
Show all the names of the department heads . Among these department heads , who was born outside California ?
Show all the names of the department heads . Among these department heads , who was born outside California ? What are the names of the heads who are born outside the California state?
What are the creation years of the departments ?
What are the creation years of the departments ? Which secretaries were born in Alabama ?
What are the creation years of the departments ? Which secretaries were born in Alabama ? What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama ' ?
What are the creation years of the departments ? Which secretaries were born in Alabama ? What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama ' ? What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama'?
What are the names of the states where department heads were born ?
What are the names of the states where department heads were born ? How many heads were born in each state ?
What are the names of the states where department heads were born ? How many heads were born in each state ? What are the names of the states where at least 3 heads were born ?
What are the names of the states where department heads were born ? How many heads were born in each state ? What are the names of the states where at least 3 heads were born ? What are the names of the states where at least 3 heads were born?
What are the years in which departments were established ?
What are the years in which departments were established ? In which year were the most departments established ?
What are the years in which departments were established ? In which year were the most departments established ? In which year were most departments established?
Show the names and number of employees of each department .
Show the names and number of employees of each department . Who are the department heads whose temporary acting value is `` Yes '' ?
Show the names and number of employees of each department . Who are the department heads whose temporary acting value is `` Yes '' ? Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' .
Show the names and number of employees of each department . Who are the department heads whose temporary acting value is `` Yes '' ? Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes ' . Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes'?
List the acting statuses .
List the acting statuses . How many acting statuses are there ?
List the acting statuses . How many acting statuses are there ? How many acting statuses are there?
How many departments are there ?
How many departments are there ? How many departments are led by heads who are mentioned in the database ?
How many departments are there ? How many departments are led by heads who are mentioned in the database ? How many departments are led by heads who are not mentioned ?
How many departments are there ? How many departments are led by heads who are mentioned in the database ? How many departments are led by heads who are not mentioned ? How many departments are led by heads who are not mentioned?
What are the dictinct ages of the department heads ?
What are the dictinct ages of the department heads ? List the ages of the heads who are acting .
What are the dictinct ages of the department heads ? List the ages of the heads who are acting . What are the distinct ages of the heads who are acting?
List the states where each secretary was born .
List the states where each secretary was born . List the information of the secretary of 'Treasury ' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security ' department .
List the states where each secretary was born . List the information of the secretary of 'Treasury ' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security ' department . List the states where both the secretary of 'Treasury ' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security ' were born .
List the states where each secretary was born . List the information of the secretary of 'Treasury ' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security ' department . List the states where both the secretary of 'Treasury ' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security ' were born . List the states where both the secretary of 'Treasury' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security' were born.
How many heads does each department have ?
How many heads does each department have ? Which department has more than 1 head at a time ?
How many heads does each department have ? Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the id , name and the number of heads of these departments .
How many heads does each department have ? Which department has more than 1 head at a time ? List the id , name and the number of heads of these departments . Which department has more than 1 head at a time? List the id, name and the number of heads.
How many cities are there
How many cities are there How many cities have hosted events ?
How many cities are there How many cities have hosted events ? Wihch city hosted events in the most recent year ?
How many cities are there How many cities have hosted events ? Wihch city hosted events in the most recent year ? Show its id .
How many cities are there How many cities have hosted events ? Wihch city hosted events in the most recent year ? Show its id . What is id of the city that hosted events in the most recent year?
Show the names of the cities .
Show the names of the cities . Which of them were a host city after 2008 ?
Show the names of the cities . Which of them were a host city after 2008 ? How about the cities that were a host city after 2010 ?
Show the names of the cities . Which of them were a host city after 2008 ? How about the cities that were a host city after 2010 ? Find the cities which were once a host city after 2010?
How many cities have hosted events ?
How many cities have hosted events ? For each city , how many events has it hosted ?
How many cities have hosted events ? For each city , how many events has it hosted ? Which city has hosted the most events ?
How many cities have hosted events ? For each city , how many events has it hosted ? Which city has hosted the most events ? Which city has hosted the most events?
How many events has `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' hosted ?
How many events has `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' hosted ? What is the date of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' hosted by `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' ?
How many events has `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' hosted ? What is the date of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' hosted by `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' ? How about the venue ?
How many events has `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' hosted ? What is the date of the competition `` 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification '' hosted by `` Nanjing ( Jiangsu ) '' ? How about the venue ? What is the venue of the competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification" hosted by "Nanjing ( Jiangsu )"?
How many events has `` Shanghai '' hosted ?
How many events has `` Shanghai '' hosted ? Give me the temperature of Shanghai in March .
How many events has `` Shanghai '' hosted ? Give me the temperature of Shanghai in March . How about the temperature in January ?
How many events has `` Shanghai '' hosted ? Give me the temperature of Shanghai in March . How about the temperature in January ? Give me the temperature of Shanghai in January.
How many events has `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' hosted ?
How many events has `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' hosted ? What event did it host ?
How many events has `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' hosted ? What event did it host ? What is the host year of this city ?
How many events has `` Taizhou ( Zhejiang ) '' hosted ? What event did it host ? What is the host year of this city ? What is the host year of city "Taizhou ( Zhejiang )"?
What is the average regional population ?
What is the average regional population ? Which city has the largest regional population ?
What is the average regional population ? Which city has the largest regional population ? What are the top three cities with the largest regional population ?
What is the average regional population ? Which city has the largest regional population ? What are the top three cities with the largest regional population ? Which three cities have the largest regional population?
What is the average GDP among all cities ?
What is the average GDP among all cities ? What is the minimum GDP ?
What is the average GDP among all cities ? What is the minimum GDP ? Please also list the city name .
What is the average GDP among all cities ? What is the minimum GDP ? Please also list the city name . Which city has the lowest GDP? Please list the city name and its GDP.
What is the average temperature in March ?
What is the average temperature in March ? How about February ?
What is the average temperature in March ? How about February ? In this month , which city has the highest temperature ?
What is the average temperature in March ? How about February ? In this month , which city has the highest temperature ? Which city has the highest temperature in February?
What is the average temperature of all cities in October ?
What is the average temperature of all cities in October ? How many cities are there whose temperature in March is lower than that in July ?
What is the average temperature of all cities in October ? How many cities are there whose temperature in March is lower than that in July ? What are the city names ?
What is the average temperature of all cities in October ? How many cities are there whose temperature in March is lower than that in July ? What are the city names ? Please also show cities whose temperature in March is higher than that in Oct .
What is the average temperature of all cities in October ? How many cities are there whose temperature in March is lower than that in July ? What are the city names ? Please also show cities whose temperature in March is higher than that in Oct . Give me a list of cities whose temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
Which cities have hosted events ?
Which cities have hosted events ? What is the average temperature in March of these cities ?
Which cities have hosted events ? What is the average temperature in March of these cities ? Among these cities , whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July ?
Which cities have hosted events ? What is the average temperature in March of these cities ? Among these cities , whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July ? Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities?
Which cities have never hosted an event ?
Which cities have never hosted an event ? What is the average temperature in Dec of these cities ?
Which cities have never hosted an event ? What is the average temperature in Dec of these cities ? How about the cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec ?
Which cities have never hosted an event ? What is the average temperature in Dec of these cities ? How about the cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec ? Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec and which have never been host cities.
How many cities are there that were once host cities ?
How many cities are there that were once host cities ? How many cities are there whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun ?
How many cities are there that were once host cities ? How many cities are there whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun ? Please list the city names of the above results .
How many cities are there that were once host cities ? How many cities are there whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun ? Please list the city names of the above results . Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun or cities that were once host cities?
Which city has the smallest regional population ?
Which city has the smallest regional population ? How many cities are there that have a regional population over 8000000 or under 5000000 ?
Which city has the smallest regional population ? How many cities are there that have a regional population over 8000000 or under 5000000 ? Please show the names of these cities .
Which city has the smallest regional population ? How many cities are there that have a regional population over 8000000 or under 5000000 ? Please show the names of these cities . Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 8000000 or under 5000000.
Which city has the smallest GDP ?
Which city has the smallest GDP ? Which city has the largest population ?
Which city has the smallest GDP ? Which city has the largest population ? What is its GDP ?
Which city has the smallest GDP ? Which city has the largest population ? What is its GDP ? what is the GDP of the city with the largest population.
How many branches are there ?
How many branches are there ? What is their average membership amounts ?
How many branches are there ? What is their average membership amounts ? How many branches have more membership than that ?
How many branches are there ? What is their average membership amounts ? How many branches have more membership than that ? How many branches where have more than average number of memberships are there?
How many branches are there ?
How many branches are there ? How many membership does each of them have ?
How many branches are there ? How many membership does each of them have ? Show me the top three of them .
How many branches are there ? How many membership does each of them have ? Show me the top three of them . Give me only the name .
How many branches are there ? How many membership does each of them have ? Show me the top three of them . Give me only the name . What are names for top three branches with most number of membership?
Give me the name of all branches .
Give me the name of all branches . Show me all open years when any of them were opened .
Give me the name of all branches . Show me all open years when any of them were opened . Among them , during which years , at least two shops were opened ?
Give me the name of all branches . Show me all open years when any of them were opened . Among them , during which years , at least two shops were opened ? List all open years when at least two shops are opened.
How many branches are there ?
How many branches are there ? What about opened in 2011 or located at London ?
How many branches are there ? What about opened in 2011 or located at London ? Show me the amount of memberships for them .
How many branches are there ? What about opened in 2011 or located at London ? Show me the amount of memberships for them . What are the minimum and maximum among them ?
How many branches are there ? What about opened in 2011 or located at London ? Show me the amount of memberships for them . What are the minimum and maximum among them ? Show minimum and maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city London.
How many branches are there ?
How many branches are there ? What about before 2010 ?
How many branches are there ? What about before 2010 ? Can you show me those for each city ?
How many branches are there ? What about before 2010 ? Can you show me those for each city ? Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city.
How many different membership levels are there ?
How many different membership levels are there ? How many members are there in the record ?
How many different membership levels are there ? How many members are there in the record ? Which membership level has the most number of members ?
How many different membership levels are there ? How many members are there in the record ? Which membership level has the most number of members ? Show the membership level with most number of members.
How many membership registrations are there in file ?
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the member names and branch names associated with them .
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the member names and branch names associated with them . List them in order of their register years .
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the member names and branch names associated with them . List them in order of their register years . Show all member names and registered branch names sorted by register year.
How many membership registrations are there in file ?
How many membership registrations are there in file ? How many of those were registered after 2015 ?
How many membership registrations are there in file ? How many of those were registered after 2015 ? What about for each branch ?
How many membership registrations are there in file ? How many of those were registered after 2015 ? What about for each branch ? Show me the name for each branch instead of id .
How many membership registrations are there in file ? How many of those were registered after 2015 ? What about for each branch ? Show me the name for each branch instead of id . Show all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015.
How many membership registrations are there in file ?
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the id of members in any of them .
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the id of members in any of them . Give me the name of members who are not one of those .
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the id of members in any of them . Give me the name of members who are not one of those . Show member names without any registered branch.
How many membership registrations are there in file ?
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the id of branches in any of them .
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the id of branches in any of them . Give me the name of branches which are not one of those .
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the id of branches in any of them . Give me the name of branches which are not one of those . What about their cities ?
How many membership registrations are there in file ? Show me the id of branches in any of them . Give me the name of branches which are not one of those . What about their cities ? List the branch name and city without any registered members.
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ?
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ? What about for each branch ?
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ? What about for each branch ? Show me the name of branch with the most of them .
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ? What about for each branch ? Show me the name of branch with the most of them . What about its open year ?
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ? What about for each branch ? Show me the name of branch with the most of them . What about its open year ? What is the name and open year for the branch with most number of memberships registered in 2016?
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ?
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ? Show me the name of members in them .
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ? Show me the name of members in them . Also include their hometowns .
How many membership registrations are there in 2016 ? Show me the name of members in them . Also include their hometowns . Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016.
How many branches were opened in 2001 ?
How many branches were opened in 2001 ? Among them , how many also have more than 100 membership ?
How many branches were opened in 2001 ? Among them , how many also have more than 100 membership ? Show me all cities with any of those branches .
How many branches were opened in 2001 ? Among them , how many also have more than 100 membership ? Show me all cities with any of those branches . Show all city with a branch opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 membership.
How many branches have more than 100 memberships ?
How many branches have more than 100 memberships ? Give me all cities with any of those branches .
How many branches have more than 100 memberships ? Give me all cities with any of those branches . What about cities without any of those branches ?
How many branches have more than 100 memberships ? Give me all cities with any of those branches . What about cities without any of those branches ? Show all cities without a branch having more than 100 memberships.
How many purchases are there in 2018 ?
How many purchases are there in 2018 ? How many of them were made through any branch in London ?
How many purchases are there in 2018 ? How many of them were made through any branch in London ? Show me the sum of total pounds of them .
How many purchases are there in 2018 ? How many of them were made through any branch in London ? Show me the sum of total pounds of them . What is the sum of total pounds of purchase in year 2018 for all branches in London?
How many purchases are there in file ?
How many purchases are there in file ? Show me the id of members with level 6 .
How many purchases are there in file ? Show me the id of members with level 6 . How many purchases are for any of those members ?
How many purchases are there in file ? Show me the id of members with level 6 . How many purchases are for any of those members ? What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6?
How many members ' hometown is in Louisville , Kentucky ?
How many members ' hometown is in Louisville , Kentucky ? Show me the name of branches with any of those members .
How many members ' hometown is in Louisville , Kentucky ? Show me the name of branches with any of those members . Among them , which ones also have members from Hiram , Georgia ?
How many members ' hometown is in Louisville , Kentucky ? Show me the name of branches with any of those members . Among them , which ones also have members from Hiram , Georgia ? Find the name of branches where have some members whose hometown is in Louisville, Kentucky and some in Hiram, Georgia.
Show me all about perpetrator .
Show me all about perpetrator . How many are there ?
Show me all about perpetrator . How many are there ? How many perpetrators are there?
Show me the number of people killed by each perpetrator .
Show me the number of people killed by each perpetrator . List the date for each in descending order of the number of people killed .
Show me the number of people killed by each perpetrator . List the date for each in descending order of the number of people killed . List the date of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people killed.
How many people has each perpetrator killed ?
How many people has each perpetrator killed ? How about injured ?
How many people has each perpetrator killed ? How about injured ? Sort the result in ascending order .
How many people has each perpetrator killed ? How about injured ? Sort the result in ascending order . List the number of people injured by perpetrators in ascending order.
How many people are injured in total by all perpetrators ?
How many people are injured in total by all perpetrators ? How many perpetrators are there ?
How many people are injured in total by all perpetrators ? How many perpetrators are there ? What is the average number of people injured by all perpetrators ?
How many people are injured in total by all perpetrators ? How many perpetrators are there ? What is the average number of people injured by all perpetrators ? What is the average number of people injured by all perpetrators?
Show me the number of people killed by each perpetrator .
Show me the number of people killed by each perpetrator . Order the result in descending order .
Show me the number of people killed by each perpetrator . Order the result in descending order . What 's the location for the one who killed the most people ?
Show me the number of people killed by each perpetrator . Order the result in descending order . What 's the location for the one who killed the most people ? What is the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills.
How many people are there ?
How many people are there ? What are their names ?
How many people are there ? What are their names ? Order the result by descending height .
How many people are there ? What are their names ? Order the result by descending height . What are the names of people in ascending order of height?
What are the heights of all people ?
What are the heights of all people ? How about their names ?
What are the heights of all people ? How about their names ? Show just the perpetrators ' names .
What are the heights of all people ? How about their names ? Show just the perpetrators ' names . What are the names of perpetrators?
Show me the countries of the perpetrators .
Show me the countries of the perpetrators . What are the names of perpetrators whose country is `` China '' ?
Show me the countries of the perpetrators . What are the names of perpetrators whose country is `` China '' ? How about those whose country is not `` China '' ?
Show me the countries of the perpetrators . What are the names of perpetrators whose country is `` China '' ? How about those whose country is not `` China '' ? What are the names of perpetrators whose country is not "China"?
Show me the names of the perpetrators .
Show me the names of the perpetrators . Who has the largest height ?
Show me the names of the perpetrators . Who has the largest height ? How about the highest weight ?
Show me the names of the perpetrators . Who has the largest height ? How about the highest weight ? What is the name of the perpetrator with the biggest weight.
Show me the names of all the perpetrators with a height of more than 1.84 meters .
Show me the names of all the perpetrators with a height of more than 1.84 meters . What 's their average number of killed people ?
Show me the names of all the perpetrators with a height of more than 1.84 meters . What 's their average number of killed people ? How about the total ?
Show me the names of all the perpetrators with a height of more than 1.84 meters . What 's their average number of killed people ? How about the total ? What is the total kills of the perpetrators with height more than 1.84.
Show me perpetrators ' names .
Show me perpetrators ' names . Among the result , who are in `` South Korea '' ?
Show me perpetrators ' names . Among the result , who are in `` South Korea '' ? How about China or Japan ?
Show me perpetrators ' names . Among the result , who are in `` South Korea '' ? How about China or Japan ? What are the names of perpetrators in country "China" or "Japan"?
What are the number of people injured for each perpetrator ?
What are the number of people injured for each perpetrator ? What are the heights of each perpetrator in descending order of the number of people they injured ?
What are the number of people injured for each perpetrator ? What are the heights of each perpetrator in descending order of the number of people they injured ? What are the heights of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people they injured?
What year corresponds with each perpetrator
What year corresponds with each perpetrator How about country ?
What year corresponds with each perpetrator How about country ? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there .
What year corresponds with each perpetrator How about country ? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there . What are the countries of perpetrators? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there.
What are the countries of perpetrators ? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there .
What are the countries of perpetrators ? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there . Which country has the fewest perpetrators ?
What are the countries of perpetrators ? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there . Which country has the fewest perpetrators ? How about the most ?
What are the countries of perpetrators ? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there . Which country has the fewest perpetrators ? How about the most ? What is the country that has the most perpetrators?
What is the country that has the most perpetrators ?
What is the country that has the most perpetrators ? Which ones have more more than 1 perpetrator ?
What is the country that has the most perpetrators ? Which ones have more more than 1 perpetrator ? How about those with at least two perpetrators ?
What is the country that has the most perpetrators ? Which ones have more more than 1 perpetrator ? How about those with at least two perpetrators ? What are the countries that have at least two perpetrators?
For each perpetrator , show the year that corresponds ?
For each perpetrator , show the year that corresponds ? Show me their names .
For each perpetrator , show the year that corresponds ? Show me their names . Sort the result in descending order by year .
For each perpetrator , show the year that corresponds ? Show me their names . Sort the result in descending order by year . List the names of perpetrators in descending order of the year.
Show me all about people .
Show me all about people . Which of those are perpetrators ?
Show me all about people . Which of those are perpetrators ? Show the rest of peoples ' names .
Show me all about people . Which of those are perpetrators ? Show the rest of peoples ' names . List the names of people that are not perpetrators.
For each perpetrator , show the ids and his or her country .
For each perpetrator , show the ids and his or her country . Also , show how many they have each injured .
For each perpetrator , show the ids and his or her country . Also , show how many they have each injured . Which countries have perpetrators who have injured more than 50 ?
For each perpetrator , show the ids and his or her country . Also , show how many they have each injured . Which countries have perpetrators who have injured more than 50 ? Which of these also have perpetrators who have injured fewer than 20 ?
For each perpetrator , show the ids and his or her country . Also , show how many they have each injured . Which countries have perpetrators who have injured more than 50 ? Which of these also have perpetrators who have injured fewer than 20 ? Show the countries that have both perpetrators with injures more than 50 and perpetrators with injures smaller than 20.
Show me the location for each perpetrator .
Show me the location for each perpetrator . What are the distinct locations ?
Show me the location for each perpetrator . What are the distinct locations ? How many are there in the result ?
Show me the location for each perpetrator . What are the distinct locations ? How many are there in the result ? How many distinct locations of perpetrators are there?
What is the date for the perpetrator ?
What is the date for the perpetrator ? Who 's the tallest perpetrator ?
What is the date for the perpetrator ? Who 's the tallest perpetrator ? What 's his date ?
What is the date for the perpetrator ? Who 's the tallest perpetrator ? What 's his date ? Show the date of the tallest perpetrator.
how many departments are there ?
how many departments are there ? show all their info .
how many departments are there ? show all their info . where are they each located ?
how many departments are there ? show all their info . where are they each located ? what are the names of departments that are located in Houston ?
how many departments are there ? show all their info . where are they each located ? what are the names of departments that are located in Houston ? Find the names of departments that are located in Houston.
What are the captains names and ages ?
What are the captains names and ages ? What is the average age for each rank ?
What are the captains names and ages ? What is the average age for each rank ? Per rank , how many are older than 50 ?
What are the captains names and ages ? What is the average age for each rank ? Per rank , how many are older than 50 ? How many captains younger than 50 are in each rank?
What are the names and ranks of captains ?
What are the names and ranks of captains ? Which rank is most common ?
What are the names and ranks of captains ? Which rank is most common ? Which rank is the most common among captains?
Give the classes of captains .
Give the classes of captains . Group by class and count .
Give the classes of captains . Group by class and count . Which class has more than two ?
Give the classes of captains . Group by class and count . Which class has more than two ? Which classes have more than two captains?
How many captains are either Midshipman or Lieutenant ?
How many captains are either Midshipman or Lieutenant ? What are their names ?
How many captains are either Midshipman or Lieutenant ? What are their names ? Find the name of captains whose rank are either Midshipman or Lieutenant.
Order class by increasing age . Also show age .
Order class by increasing age . Also show age . What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class ?
Order class by increasing age . Also show age . What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class ? What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class?
Which ranks of captains are in the Cutter class ?
Which ranks of captains are in the Cutter class ? How about Armed schooner ?
Which ranks of captains are in the Cutter class ? How about Armed schooner ? Intersect those .
Which ranks of captains are in the Cutter class ? How about Armed schooner ? Intersect those . Find the captain rank that has some captains in both Cutter and Armed schooner classes.
For each class , what are the ranks ?
For each class , what are the ranks ? Find the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class .
For each class , what are the ranks ? Find the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class . Find the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class.
Sort captains records by age .
Sort captains records by age . Just their names .
Sort captains records by age . Just their names . limit it to the one youngest .
Sort captains records by age . Just their names . limit it to the one youngest . What is the name of the youngest captain?
What is the most recent build year ?
What is the most recent build year ? Which ships were built in the most recent year ?
What is the most recent build year ? Which ships were built in the most recent year ? Also give the type and flag .
What is the most recent build year ? Which ships were built in the most recent year ? Also give the type and flag . Find the name, type, and flag of the ships that were built in the most recent year.
Which flags are used ?
Which flags are used ? Which is most common ?
Which flags are used ? Which is most common ? Which flag is most widely used among all ships?
Which type of ship has flag Panama ?
Which type of ship has flag Panama ? How about Malta ?
Which type of ship has flag Panama ? How about Malta ? Which types have ships with both flags ?
Which type of ship has flag Panama ? How about Malta ? Which types have ships with both flags ? Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags.
What are the distinct build years of ships ?
What are the distinct build years of ships ? Which is more common ?
What are the distinct build years of ships ? Which is more common ? In which year were most of ships built?
List each ship with its captains .
List each ship with its captains . Which ship has more than one captain ?
List each ship with its captains . Which ship has more than one captain ? Find the name of the ships that have more than one captain.
Which ship ids are not in the captain records ?
Which ship ids are not in the captain records ? Give their names and classes
Which ship ids are not in the captain records ? Give their names and classes what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet?
Who is the youngest captain ?
Who is the youngest captain ? Which ship does he steer ?
Who is the youngest captain ? Which ship does he steer ? Find the name of the ship that is steered by the youngest captain.
Which ship ids are steered by captains with the Midshipman rank ?
Which ship ids are steered by captains with the Midshipman rank ? Which are not ?
Which ship ids are steered by captains with the Midshipman rank ? Which are not ? What are their names and flags ?
Which ship ids are steered by captains with the Midshipman rank ? Which are not ? What are their names and flags ? Find the name and flag of ships that are not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank.
Show me the names of all the stadiums .
Show me the names of all the stadiums . How many home games did each of them hold ?
Show me the names of all the stadiums . How many home games did each of them hold ? Show me the maxium , minimum , and average of them .
Show me the names of all the stadiums . How many home games did each of them hold ? Show me the maxium , minimum , and average of them . What are the maximum, minimum and average home games each stadium held?
Show me all the players who got injured .
Show me all the players who got injured . Show me the date of the game that causes Walter Samuel to get injured ?
Show me all the players who got injured . Show me the date of the game that causes Walter Samuel to get injured ? What about its season ?
Show me all the players who got injured . Show me the date of the game that causes Walter Samuel to get injured ? What about its season ? What is the season of the game which causes the player 'Walter Samuel' to get injured?
Show me all the players who got injured .
Show me all the players who got injured . What about their game ids ?
Show me all the players who got injured . What about their game ids ? Which games caused at least two injury accidents ?
Show me all the players who got injured . What about their game ids ? Which games caused at least two injury accidents ? Show me their ids , scores , and dates .
Show me all the players who got injured . What about their game ids ? Which games caused at least two injury accidents ? Show me their ids , scores , and dates . What are the ids, scores, and dates of the games which caused at least two injury accidents?
Show me all the injury accidents .
Show me all the injury accidents . Show me distinct names of the stadium in which those accidents happened .
Show me all the injury accidents . Show me distinct names of the stadium in which those accidents happened . Show me the id and name of the one where the most injury accidents happened .
Show me all the injury accidents . Show me distinct names of the stadium in which those accidents happened . Show me the id and name of the one where the most injury accidents happened . What are the id and name of the stadium where the most injury accidents happened?
Show me all the injuries .
Show me all the injuries . Show me the ids of the games where those of 'Foot injury ' or 'Knee problem ' happened .
Show me all the injuries . Show me the ids of the games where those of 'Foot injury ' or 'Knee problem ' happened . What about their seasons and stadiums ?
Show me all the injuries . Show me the ids of the games where those of 'Foot injury ' or 'Knee problem ' happened . What about their seasons and stadiums ? In which season and which stadium did any player have an injury of 'Foot injury' or 'Knee problem'?
How many industry accidents are there ?
How many industry accidents are there ? Show me their game ids .
How many industry accidents are there ? Show me their game ids . Which games are not one of them ?
How many industry accidents are there ? Show me their game ids . Which games are not one of them ? How many are there ?
How many industry accidents are there ? Show me their game ids . Which games are not one of them ? How many are there ? How many games are free of injury accidents?
Show me all distinct kinds of injuries .
Show me all distinct kinds of injuries . What about those happened after season 2010 ?
Show me all distinct kinds of injuries . What about those happened after season 2010 ? How many are there ?
Show me all distinct kinds of injuries . What about those happened after season 2010 ? How many are there ? How many distinct kinds of injuries happened after season 2010?
Show me the name of players that got injured ?
Show me the name of players that got injured ? Give me the id of the games where Walter Samuel and Thiago Motta got injured .
Show me the name of players that got injured ? Give me the id of the games where Walter Samuel and Thiago Motta got injured . What about the name of the stadium where both of them got injured ?
Show me the name of players that got injured ? Give me the id of the games where Walter Samuel and Thiago Motta got injured . What about the name of the stadium where both of them got injured ? List the name of the stadium where both the player 'Walter Samuel' and the player 'Thiago Motta' got injured.
Show me the game ids of all the injury accidents .
Show me the game ids of all the injury accidents . Which stadium did each of them happen ?
Show me the game ids of all the injury accidents . Which stadium did each of them happen ? Show me the name of stadiums which are not one of those .
Show me the game ids of all the injury accidents . Which stadium did each of them happen ? Show me the name of stadiums which are not one of those . Also show me their average attendance and total attendance .
Show me the game ids of all the injury accidents . Which stadium did each of them happen ? Show me the name of stadiums which are not one of those . Also show me their average attendance and total attendance . Show the name, average attendance, total attendance for stadiums where no accidents happened.
Show me the name of all the stadiums .
Show me the name of all the stadiums . Which one contains `` Bank '' in it ?
Show me the name of all the stadiums . Which one contains `` Bank '' in it ? Which stadium name contains the substring "Bank"?
Show me the name of all the stadiums .
Show me the name of all the stadiums . How many games has each of them held ?
Show me the name of all the stadiums . How many games has each of them held ? How many games has each stadium held?
How many savings accounts are there ?
How many savings accounts are there ? What are their saving balances ?
How many savings accounts are there ? What are their saving balances ? Remove Brown 's saving balance .
How many savings accounts are there ? What are their saving balances ? Remove Brown 's saving balance . What is the total of these saving balances ?
How many savings accounts are there ? What are their saving balances ? Remove Brown 's saving balance . What is the total of these saving balances ? Find the total savings balance of all accounts except the account with name Brown.
What is the maximum savings balance ?
What is the maximum savings balance ? What is the average ?
What is the maximum savings balance ? What is the average ? Who are names of the people that are above this average ?
What is the maximum savings balance ? What is the average ? Who are names of the people that are above this average ? How many of them are there ?
What is the maximum savings balance ? What is the average ? Who are names of the people that are above this average ? How many of them are there ? How many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance?
What account has the maximum checking balance ?
What account has the maximum checking balance ? What is the checking balance ?
What account has the maximum checking balance ? What is the checking balance ? Show all the account names that have checking balances lower than this .
What account has the maximum checking balance ? What is the checking balance ? Show all the account names that have checking balances lower than this . also provide their ids .
What account has the maximum checking balance ? What is the checking balance ? Show all the account names that have checking balances lower than this . also provide their ids . Find the name and id of accounts whose checking balance is below the maximum checking balance.
List all the account owner names .
List all the account owner names . Is there an owner with the name that has 'ee ' in it ?
List all the account owner names . Is there an owner with the name that has 'ee ' in it ? What is the savings balance for that owner ?
List all the account owner names . Is there an owner with the name that has 'ee ' in it ? What is the savings balance for that owner ? How about the checking balance ?
List all the account owner names . Is there an owner with the name that has 'ee ' in it ? What is the savings balance for that owner ? How about the checking balance ? What is the checking balance of the account whose owners name contains the substring ee?
Is there an owner named Brown ?
Is there an owner named Brown ? What is his checking balance ?
Is there an owner named Brown ? What is his checking balance ? What is his savings balance ?
Is there an owner named Brown ? What is his checking balance ? What is his savings balance ? Please show both at the same time .
Is there an owner named Brown ? What is his checking balance ? What is his savings balance ? Please show both at the same time . Find the checking balance and saving balance in the Browns account.
What is the average saving balance ?
What is the average saving balance ? Who have savings account balances below that ?
What is the average saving balance ? Who have savings account balances below that ? What are their checking account balances ?
What is the average saving balance ? Who have savings account balances below that ? What are their checking account balances ? Who of these users have checking account balances above the average checking balance of all users ?
What is the average saving balance ? Who have savings account balances below that ? What are their checking account balances ? Who of these users have checking account balances above the average checking balance of all users ? Find the names of accounts whose checking balance is above the average checking balance, but savings balance is below the average savings balance.
What is the average savings balance ?
What is the average savings balance ? How many people have savings account balances over it ?
What is the average savings balance ? How many people have savings account balances over it ? What are their names ?
What is the average savings balance ? How many people have savings account balances over it ? What are their names ? What are their checking account balances ?
What is the average savings balance ? How many people have savings account balances over it ? What are their names ? What are their checking account balances ? Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
What is the name of the user that has the lowest checking balance ?
What is the name of the user that has the lowest checking balance ? the lowest saving balance ?
What is the name of the user that has the lowest checking balance ? the lowest saving balance ? how about the lowest total sum of checking and saving balance ?
What is the name of the user that has the lowest checking balance ? the lowest saving balance ? how about the lowest total sum of checking and saving balance ? Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance.
How many accounts have savings balances greater than the average savings balance ?
How many accounts have savings balances greater than the average savings balance ? What are their names ?
How many accounts have savings balances greater than the average savings balance ? What are their names ? What are their checking account balances ?
How many accounts have savings balances greater than the average savings balance ? What are their names ? What are their checking account balances ? How about both their total checking and savings balances .
How many accounts have savings balances greater than the average savings balance ? What are their names ? What are their checking account balances ? How about both their total checking and savings balances . Find the names and total checking and savings balances of accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
What are all the savings balances ?
What are all the savings balances ? What is the lowest one ?
What are all the savings balances ? What is the lowest one ? What is the name on the account has the lowest one ?
What are all the savings balances ? What is the lowest one ? What is the name on the account has the lowest one ? Also provide the checking balance .
What are all the savings balances ? What is the lowest one ? What is the name on the account has the lowest one ? Also provide the checking balance . Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest savings balance.
Show all the names for each account .
Show all the names for each account . What are the unique set of names ?
Show all the names for each account . What are the unique set of names ? How many savings accounts under each of these names ?
Show all the names for each account . What are the unique set of names ? How many savings accounts under each of these names ? How about checking accounts ?
Show all the names for each account . What are the unique set of names ? How many savings accounts under each of these names ? How about checking accounts ? Find the number of checking accounts for each account name.
What are the names of all the accounts ?
What are the names of all the accounts ? Show the savings balances for all accounts .
What are the names of all the accounts ? Show the savings balances for all accounts . Now show me the total by account name .
What are the names of all the accounts ? Show the savings balances for all accounts . Now show me the total by account name . Find the total saving balance for each account name.
What is the average checking balance ?
What is the average checking balance ? What is the account information for those have greater checking balances than that ?
What is the average checking balance ? What is the account information for those have greater checking balances than that ? How about for lower checking balances ?
What is the average checking balance ? What is the account information for those have greater checking balances than that ? How about for lower checking balances ? What are their account names ?
What is the average checking balance ? What is the account information for those have greater checking balances than that ? How about for lower checking balances ? What are their account names ? Find the name of accounts whose checking balance is below the average checking balance.
Whose checking balance is the highest ?
Whose checking balance is the highest ? What is it ?
Whose checking balance is the highest ? What is it ? what is her saving balance ?
Whose checking balance is the highest ? What is it ? what is her saving balance ? Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance.
What are the total checking and saving balances for all accounts ?
What are the total checking and saving balances for all accounts ? Show me the the balances FROM greatest to least ?
What are the total checking and saving balances for all accounts ? Show me the the balances FROM greatest to least ? How about FROM least to greatest ?
What are the total checking and saving balances for all accounts ? Show me the the balances FROM greatest to least ? How about FROM least to greatest ? Find the total checking and saving balance of all accounts sorted by the total balance in ascending order.
What is the average saving balance ?
What is the average saving balance ? how about the lowest saving balance ?
What is the average saving balance ? how about the lowest saving balance ? What is the name of the user that has this ?
What is the average saving balance ? how about the lowest saving balance ? What is the name of the user that has this ? Also show his checking balance too .
What is the average saving balance ? how about the lowest saving balance ? What is the name of the user that has this ? Also show his checking balance too . Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest saving balance.
How many accounts are there in the bank ?
How many accounts are there in the bank ? What are the names for each ?
How many accounts are there in the bank ? What are the names for each ? Include the checking and saving balances for each .
How many accounts are there in the bank ? What are the names for each ? Include the checking and saving balances for each . Find the name, checking balance and saving balance of all accounts in the bank.
Show me the names , checking balances , and savings balance for all accounts ?
Show me the names , checking balances , and savings balance for all accounts ? Also provide their total checking and saving balances ?
Show me the names , checking balances , and savings balance for all accounts ? Also provide their total checking and saving balances ? Just show names , checking balance , saving balance but sort them by savings account balance .
Show me the names , checking balances , and savings balance for all accounts ? Also provide their total checking and saving balances ? Just show names , checking balance , saving balance but sort them by savings account balance . Actually , sort them by the total checking and savings balance FROM greatest to least .
Show me the names , checking balances , and savings balance for all accounts ? Also provide their total checking and saving balances ? Just show names , checking balance , saving balance but sort them by savings account balance . Actually , sort them by the total checking and savings balance FROM greatest to least . Find the name, checking balance and savings balance of all accounts in the bank sorted by their total checking and savings balance in descending order.
How many accounts have higher savings balances than their checking balances ?
How many accounts have higher savings balances than their checking balances ? How about higher checking balances than their saving balances ?
How many accounts have higher savings balances than their checking balances ? How about higher checking balances than their saving balances ? Show me the checking balances and saving balances for each of these accounts .
How many accounts have higher savings balances than their checking balances ? How about higher checking balances than their saving balances ? Show me the checking balances and saving balances for each of these accounts . Actually , just show me the corresponding names .
How many accounts have higher savings balances than their checking balances ? How about higher checking balances than their saving balances ? Show me the checking balances and saving balances for each of these accounts . Actually , just show me the corresponding names . Find the name of accounts whose checking balance is higher than corresponding saving balance.
What are the name , checking , and saving balances for all accounts ?
What are the name , checking , and saving balances for all accounts ? Show me the total checking and savings balance of the accounts !
What are the name , checking , and saving balances for all accounts ? Show me the total checking and savings balance of the accounts ! Show me only the accounts that have a lower savings balance than their checking balance ?
What are the name , checking , and saving balances for all accounts ? Show me the total checking and savings balance of the accounts ! Show me only the accounts that have a lower savings balance than their checking balance ? Show just the name and total checking and savings balance .
What are the name , checking , and saving balances for all accounts ? Show me the total checking and savings balance of the accounts ! Show me only the accounts that have a lower savings balance than their checking balance ? Show just the name and total checking and savings balance . Find the name and total checking and savings balance of the accounts whose savings balance is lower than corresponding checking balance.
Find the names of all artists whose names end with `` b '' .
Find the names of all artists whose names end with `` b '' . How about artists whose names contain `` b '' ?
Find the names of all artists whose names end with `` b '' . How about artists whose names contain `` b '' ? Now do the same for `` a '' .
Find the names of all artists whose names end with `` b '' . How about artists whose names contain `` b '' ? Now do the same for `` a '' . Find the names of all artists that have "a" in their names.
Find the ids of all albums of `` AC/DC '' .
Find the ids of all albums of `` AC/DC '' . Show me the titles of those albums .
Find the ids of all albums of `` AC/DC '' . Show me the titles of those albums . Find the title of all the albums of the artist "AC/DC".
Show me all the albums from `` Metallica '' .
Show me all the albums from `` Metallica '' . How many are there ?
Show me all the albums from `` Metallica '' . How many are there ? How many albums does the artist "Metallica" have?
Is there an album called `` Balls to the Wall '' ?
Is there an album called `` Balls to the Wall '' ? Who made it ?
Is there an album called `` Balls to the Wall '' ? Who made it ? Which artist does the album "Balls to the Wall" belong to?
Which artist has the least albums ?
Which artist has the least albums ? How about the most albums ?
Which artist has the least albums ? How about the most albums ? Which artist has the most albums?
Find the names of all the albums that contain the word `` you '' .
Find the names of all the albums that contain the word `` you '' . Oops , I meant tracks not albums .
Find the names of all the albums that contain the word `` you '' . Oops , I meant tracks not albums . Find the names of all the tracks that contain the word "you".
What is the longest track ?
What is the longest track ? The shortest ?
What is the longest track ? The shortest ? Show me both .
What is the longest track ? The shortest ? Show me both . What are the durations of the longest and the shortest tracks in milliseconds?
Show me the names and ids of each album .
Show me the names and ids of each album . Show me the number of tracks each album has as well .
Show me the names and ids of each album . Show me the number of tracks each album has as well . Show the album names, ids and the number of tracks for each album.
Show me the 10 most common genres in all tracks .
Show me the 10 most common genres in all tracks . Show me the 10 least common genres .
Show me the 10 most common genres in all tracks . Show me the 10 least common genres . Show me the most common one .
Show me the 10 most common genres in all tracks . Show me the 10 least common genres . Show me the most common one . What is the name of the most common genre in all tracks?
Show me all the media types in tracks .
Show me all the media types in tracks . What is the most common one ?
Show me all the media types in tracks . What is the most common one ? How about the least common one ?
Show me all the media types in tracks . What is the most common one ? How about the least common one ? What is the least common media type in all tracks?
Show me all the tracks with unit price bigger than 1 .
Show me all the tracks with unit price bigger than 1 . Show me their album names and ids
Show me all the tracks with unit price bigger than 1 . Show me their album names and ids Show the album names and ids for albums that contain tracks with unit price bigger than 1.
Show me tracks that belong to rock genre .
Show me tracks that belong to rock genre . How many are there ?
Show me tracks that belong to rock genre . How many are there ? How many tracks belong to rock genre?
What is the most expensive track with Jazz genre ?
What is the most expensive track with Jazz genre ? Show me the average unit price of all Jazz genre tracks .
What is the most expensive track with Jazz genre ? Show me the average unit price of all Jazz genre tracks . What is the average unit price of tracks that belong to Jazz genre?
Show me first name of customers with emails that contain `` gmail.com '' .
Show me first name of customers with emails that contain `` gmail.com '' . How many are there ?
Show me first name of customers with emails that contain `` gmail.com '' . How many are there ? How many customers have email that contains "gmail.com"?
Show me the customer with first name Leonie .
Show me the customer with first name Leonie . What is the first and last name of the employee assigned to this customer ?
Show me the customer with first name Leonie . What is the first and last name of the employee assigned to this customer ? What is the first name and last name employee helps the customer with first name Leonie?
Find me a customer with postal code 70174 .
Find me a customer with postal code 70174 . Which employee was assigned to this customer ? Give me the first and last names .
Find me a customer with postal code 70174 . Which employee was assigned to this customer ? Give me the first and last names . Which city does he/she live ?
Find me a customer with postal code 70174 . Which employee was assigned to this customer ? Give me the first and last names . Which city does he/she live ? What city does the employee who helps the customer with postal code 70174 live in?
Find all invoice dates of customer named Astrid .
Find all invoice dates of customer named Astrid . Hm , find them for Astrids with last name Gruber .
Find all invoice dates of customer named Astrid . Hm , find them for Astrids with last name Gruber . Find all invoice dates corresponding to customers with first name Astrid and last name Gruber.
Show me first names of all customers that have invoice totals less than 20 .
Show me first names of all customers that have invoice totals less than 20 . I meant last names .
Show me first names of all customers that have invoice totals less than 20 . I meant last names . Oh I meant invoice totals larger than 20 , not less than .
Show me first names of all customers that have invoice totals less than 20 . I meant last names . Oh I meant invoice totals larger than 20 , not less than . Find all the customer last names that do not have invoice totals larger than 20.
Find the first names of all customers that live in Brazil
Find the first names of all customers that live in Brazil Among them , find ones who have an invoice .
Find the first names of all customers that live in Brazil Among them , find ones who have an invoice . Find the first names of all customers that live in Brazil and have an invoice.
Find the address of all customers who live in Germany .
Find the address of all customers who live in Germany . Among those , find the ones who have invoice .
Find the address of all customers who live in Germany . Among those , find the ones who have invoice . Find the address of all customers that live in Germany and have invoice.
Show me the tracks that are in AAC audio file media type
Show me the tracks that are in AAC audio file media type How many are there ?
Show me the tracks that are in AAC audio file media type How many are there ? How many tracks are in the AAC audio file media type?
What is the average duration of tracks that belong to Latin genre ?
What is the average duration of tracks that belong to Latin genre ? How about Pop ?
What is the average duration of tracks that belong to Latin genre ? How about Pop ? Show me the average for both genres .
What is the average duration of tracks that belong to Latin genre ? How about Pop ? Show me the average for both genres . What is the average duration in milliseconds of tracks that belong to Latin or Pop genre?
Show the first names and ids of employees serving 10 customers .
Show the first names and ids of employees serving 10 customers . Show me those serving at least 10 customers .
Show the first names and ids of employees serving 10 customers . Show me those serving at least 10 customers . Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers.
Show me first names for employees serving 20 customers .
Show me first names for employees serving 20 customers . Show me their last names .
Show me first names for employees serving 20 customers . Show me their last names . Show me the same for employees serving no more than 20 customers .
Show me first names for employees serving 20 customers . Show me their last names . Show me the same for employees serving no more than 20 customers . Please show the employee last names that serves no more than 20 customers.
Show me all artists with at least 3 albums .
Show me all artists with at least 3 albums . Show me their names and ids .
Show me all artists with at least 3 albums . Show me their names and ids . Sort them in alphabetical order .
Show me all artists with at least 3 albums . Show me their names and ids . Sort them in alphabetical order . Please list the name and id of all artists that have at least 3 albums in alphabetical order.
How many artists do n't have any albums ?
How many artists do n't have any albums ? Find me their names .
How many artists do n't have any albums ? Find me their names . Find the names of artists that do not have any albums.
What is the max unit price of rock tracks ?
What is the max unit price of rock tracks ? What is the average ?
What is the max unit price of rock tracks ? What is the average ? What is the average unit price of rock tracks?
How long is the longest pop track ?
How long is the longest pop track ? How about the shortest one ?
How long is the longest pop track ? How about the shortest one ? Show me durations for both of those pop tracks .
How long is the longest pop track ? How about the shortest one ? Show me durations for both of those pop tracks . What are the duration of the longest and shortest pop tracks in milliseconds?
Show me the names of artists with no album .
Show me the names of artists with no album . How many are there ?
Show me the names of artists with no album . How many are there ? How many artists do not have any album?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Whose investor is not Rachel Elnaugh ?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Whose investor is not Rachel Elnaugh ? What are the names of entrepreneurs whose investor is not "Rachel Elnaugh"?
Show me the names of all people .
Show me the names of all people . Who has the shortest height ?
Show me the names of all people . Who has the shortest height ? What is this people 's weight ?
Show me the names of all people . Who has the shortest height ? What is this people 's weight ? What is the weight of the shortest person?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Who has the greatest weight ?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Who has the greatest weight ? What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Show me those with height taller than 1.85 .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Show me those with height taller than 1.85 . What is the total money requested by them ?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Show me those with height taller than 1.85 . What is the total money requested by them ? What is the total money requested by entrepreneurs with height more than 1.85?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Whose investor is Simon Woodroffe or Peter Jones ?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Whose investor is Simon Woodroffe or Peter Jones ? Show me their dates of birth .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . Whose investor is Simon Woodroffe or Peter Jones ? Show me their dates of birth . What are the dates of birth of entrepreneurs with investor "Simon Woodroffe" or "Peter Jones"?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . How much money did they each request ?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . How much money did they each request ? Give me the weights of them only , in descending order of money requested .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . How much money did they each request ? Give me the weights of them only , in descending order of money requested . What are the weights of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested?
Show me the name of all investors .
Show me the name of all investors . Who has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs ?
Show me the name of all investors . Who has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs ? Who is the investor that has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs?
Show me the name of all investors .
Show me the name of all investors . Who have invested in at least two entrepreneurs ?
Show me the name of all investors . Who have invested in at least two entrepreneurs ? Who are the investors that have invested in at least two entrepreneurs?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . What are their companies ?
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . What are their companies ? List them in descending order of money requested .
Show me the names of all entrepreneurs . What are their companies ? List them in descending order of money requested . List the names of entrepreneurs and their companies in descending order of money requested?
What are the name of all the people ?
What are the name of all the people ? Show me those who are not entrepreneurs .
What are the name of all the people ? Show me those who are not entrepreneurs . List the names of people that are not entrepreneurs.
Show me the name of all investors .
Show me the name of all investors . Who have been requested more than 140000 by any entrepreneurs ?
Show me the name of all investors . Who have been requested more than 140000 by any entrepreneurs ? Among them , who have been requested less than 120000 by any entrepreneurs ?
Show me the name of all investors . Who have been requested more than 140000 by any entrepreneurs ? Among them , who have been requested less than 120000 by any entrepreneurs ? Show the investors shared by entrepreneurs that requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs that requested less than 120000.
Tell me everything about the farms .
Tell me everything about the farms . Show me the bulls produced by all the farms .
Tell me everything about the farms . Show me the bulls produced by all the farms . What about the cows ?
Tell me everything about the farms . Show me the bulls produced by all the farms . What about the cows ? Tell me the maximum and minimum number of cows .
Tell me everything about the farms . Show me the bulls produced by all the farms . What about the cows ? Tell me the maximum and minimum number of cows . What are the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
Show me the official names of all the cities .
Show me the official names of all the cities . Which of these cities has the largest population ?
Show me the official names of all the cities . Which of these cities has the largest population ? What is its population ?
Show me the official names of all the cities . Which of these cities has the largest population ? What is its population ? Can you only show the official name and status of this city ?
Show me the official names of all the cities . Which of these cities has the largest population ? What is its population ? Can you only show the official name and status of this city ? List the official name and status of the city with the largest population.
List all the city names .
List all the city names . Can you also show me the competition id of these cities ?
List all the city names . Can you also show me the competition id of these cities ? How about the themes of these competitions ?
List all the city names . Can you also show me the competition id of these cities ? How about the themes of these competitions ? Which of these cities hosted more than one competition ?
List all the city names . Can you also show me the competition id of these cities ? How about the themes of these competitions ? Which of these cities hosted more than one competition ? Show the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition.
Show me the names of all cities
Show me the names of all cities How many competitions did these cities host ?
Show me the names of all cities How many competitions did these cities host ? Which of these cities hosted the most competitions ?
Show me the names of all cities How many competitions did these cities host ? Which of these cities hosted the most competitions ? Can you only show me its status ?
Show me the names of all cities How many competitions did these cities host ? Which of these cities hosted the most competitions ? Can you only show me its status ? Show the status of the city that has hosted the greatest number of competitions.
Show me the information for all of the cities .
Show me the information for all of the cities . Which of these cities have a population greater than 1000 ?
Show me the information for all of the cities . Which of these cities have a population greater than 1000 ? Show me all the years when a competition was held in these cities .
Show me the information for all of the cities . Which of these cities have a population greater than 1000 ? Show me all the years when a competition was held in these cities . What about the themes of these competitions ?
Show me the information for all of the cities . Which of these cities have a population greater than 1000 ? Show me all the years when a competition was held in these cities . What about the themes of these competitions ? Please show the themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000.
List the official names of all the cities .
List the official names of all the cities . Show me all the status of these cities .
List the official names of all the cities . Show me all the status of these cities . What is the number of cities with each status ?
List the official names of all the cities . Show me all the status of these cities . What is the number of cities with each status ? Can you show them in increasing order ?
List the official names of all the cities . Show me all the status of these cities . What is the number of cities with each status ? Can you show them in increasing order ? Please show the different statuses, ordered by the number of cities that have each.
Tell me the names of all the cities .
Tell me the names of all the cities . Tell me the city status of `` Grand Falls/Grand-Sault '' .
Tell me the names of all the cities . Tell me the city status of `` Grand Falls/Grand-Sault '' . Which of the cities are not towns ?
Tell me the names of all the cities . Tell me the city status of `` Grand Falls/Grand-Sault '' . Which of the cities are not towns ? Which city status is the most common ?
Tell me the names of all the cities . Tell me the city status of `` Grand Falls/Grand-Sault '' . Which of the cities are not towns ? Which city status is the most common ? List the most common type of Status across cities.
Show me all the cities .
Show me all the cities . Show me the official names of all the cities .
Show me all the cities . Show me the official names of all the cities . Which of these cities have hosted competitions before ?
Show me all the cities . Show me the official names of all the cities . Which of these cities have hosted competitions before ? Which of them have not ?
Show me all the cities . Show me the official names of all the cities . Which of these cities have hosted competitions before ? Which of them have not ? List the official names of cities that have not held any competition.
List the names of all the cities .
List the names of all the cities . Which of these cities have a population bigger than 1500 ?
List the names of all the cities . Which of these cities have a population bigger than 1500 ? Which cities have a population smaller than 500 ?
List the names of all the cities . Which of these cities have a population bigger than 1500 ? Which cities have a population smaller than 500 ? Show all statuses that are common between these two types of cities .
List the names of all the cities . Which of these cities have a population bigger than 1500 ? Which cities have a population smaller than 500 ? Show all statuses that are common between these two types of cities . Show the status shared by cities with population bigger than 1500 and smaller than 500.
Can I see the names of the gymnasts ?
Can I see the names of the gymnasts ? How old is the gymnast from Bonao ?
Can I see the names of the gymnasts ? How old is the gymnast from Bonao ? Who is from Miami ?
Can I see the names of the gymnasts ? How old is the gymnast from Bonao ? Who is from Miami ? How about gymnasts not from `` Santo Domingo '' ?
Can I see the names of the gymnasts ? How old is the gymnast from Bonao ? Who is from Miami ? How about gymnasts not from `` Santo Domingo '' ? What are the names of gymnasts whose hometown is not "Santo Domingo"?
What is the average height of all people ?
What is the average height of all people ? How about the average height of gymnasts ?
What is the average height of all people ? How about the average height of gymnasts ? How old is the tallest among all people ?
What is the average height of all people ? How about the average height of gymnasts ? How old is the tallest among all people ? What is the age of the tallest person?
Who is the tallest ?
Who is the tallest ? Who is the oldest gymnast ?
Who is the tallest ? Who is the oldest gymnast ? Please show the top 5 oldest gymnasts .
Who is the tallest ? Who is the oldest gymnast ? Please show the top 5 oldest gymnasts . How about the top 5 oldest people ?
Who is the tallest ? Who is the oldest gymnast ? Please show the top 5 oldest gymnasts . How about the top 5 oldest people ? List the names of the top 5 oldest people.
What is the average age of all people ?
What is the average age of all people ? How about the average age of all gymnasts ?
What is the average age of all people ? How about the average age of all gymnasts ? Who is the youngest gymnast ?
What is the average age of all people ? How about the average age of all gymnasts ? Who is the youngest gymnast ? How many total points does he have ?
What is the average age of all people ? How about the average age of all gymnasts ? Who is the youngest gymnast ? How many total points does he have ? What is the total point count of the youngest gymnast?
What is the average total points of gymnasts ?
What is the average total points of gymnasts ? How many gymnasts are there that have total points more than 50 ?
What is the average total points of gymnasts ? How many gymnasts are there that have total points more than 50 ? How about the number of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5 ?
What is the average total points of gymnasts ? How many gymnasts are there that have total points more than 50 ? How about the number of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5 ? What are the distinct hometowns of these gymnasts ?
What is the average total points of gymnasts ? How many gymnasts are there that have total points more than 50 ? How about the number of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5 ? What are the distinct hometowns of these gymnasts ? What are the distinct hometowns of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5?
How many gymnasts are there ?
How many gymnasts are there ? How many gymnasts are there in each age group ?
How many gymnasts are there ? How many gymnasts are there in each age group ? How many gymnasts are there in each hometown ?
How many gymnasts are there ? How many gymnasts are there in each age group ? How many gymnasts are there in each hometown ? What are the hometowns of gymnasts and the corresponding number of gymnasts?
How many distinct hometowns are there ?
How many distinct hometowns are there ? How many gymnasts are from each town ?
How many distinct hometowns are there ? How many gymnasts are from each town ? What is the most common hometown ?
How many distinct hometowns are there ? How many gymnasts are from each town ? What is the most common hometown ? What is the most common hometown of gymnasts?
How many distinct hometowns are there ?
How many distinct hometowns are there ? How many gymnasts are there in each hometown ?
How many distinct hometowns are there ? How many gymnasts are there in each hometown ? Which hometown has more than 1 gymnast ?
How many distinct hometowns are there ? How many gymnasts are there in each hometown ? Which hometown has more than 1 gymnast ? What are the hometowns that are shared by at least two gymnasts?
Who is the tallest gymnast ?
Who is the tallest gymnast ? How about the shortest gymnast ?
Who is the tallest gymnast ? How about the shortest gymnast ? Please show the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights .
Who is the tallest gymnast ? How about the shortest gymnast ? Please show the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights . List the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights.
What is the average Floor Exercise Points of gymnasts ?
What is the average Floor Exercise Points of gymnasts ? Please show the hometowns of the gymnasts .
What is the average Floor Exercise Points of gymnasts ? Please show the hometowns of the gymnasts . Please show the hometowns of all people .
What is the average Floor Exercise Points of gymnasts ? Please show the hometowns of the gymnasts . Please show the hometowns of all people . What are the distinct hometowns that do not have any gymnasts ?
What is the average Floor Exercise Points of gymnasts ? Please show the hometowns of the gymnasts . Please show the hometowns of all people . What are the distinct hometowns that do not have any gymnasts ? List the distinct hometowns that are not associated with any gymnast.
How many people are older than 23 ?
How many people are older than 23 ? How about the number of people younger than 20 ?
How many people are older than 23 ? How about the number of people younger than 20 ? Please show their hometowns .
How many people are older than 23 ? How about the number of people younger than 20 ? Please show their hometowns . How about the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20 ?
How many people are older than 23 ? How about the number of people younger than 20 ? Please show their hometowns . How about the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20 ? Show the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20.
What is the average price of phones ?
What is the average price of phones ? What about their names ?
What is the average price of phones ? What about their names ? Of those , only tell me the ones that are either `` Sprint '' or `` TMobile '' carriers .
What is the average price of phones ? What about their names ? Of those , only tell me the ones that are either `` Sprint '' or `` TMobile '' carriers . Show the names of phones with carrier either "Sprint" or "TMobile".
What is the memory of the cheapest phone ?
What is the memory of the cheapest phone ? Include the name as well please .
What is the memory of the cheapest phone ? Include the name as well please . What about for the most expensive phone ?
What is the memory of the cheapest phone ? Include the name as well please . What about for the most expensive phone ? Which company carries this ?
What is the memory of the cheapest phone ? Include the name as well please . What about for the most expensive phone ? Which company carries this ? What is the carrier of the most expensive phone?
What is the cheapest phone ?
What is the cheapest phone ? Which carrier has this ?
What is the cheapest phone ? Which carrier has this ? Which one has the most phones instead ?
What is the cheapest phone ? Which carrier has this ? Which one has the most phones instead ? Show the most frequently used carrier of the phones.
Show me all the phone carriers .
Show me all the phone carriers . The ones with a phones having a price range of 700 to 900 ?
Show me all the phone carriers . The ones with a phones having a price range of 700 to 900 ? How about the ones that have phones both price less than 700 and price more than 900 .
Show me all the phone carriers . The ones with a phones having a price range of 700 to 900 ? How about the ones that have phones both price less than 700 and price more than 900 . What about phones with memory less than 32 and memory greater than 64 ?
Show me all the phone carriers . The ones with a phones having a price range of 700 to 900 ? How about the ones that have phones both price less than 700 and price more than 900 . What about phones with memory less than 32 and memory greater than 64 ? Show the carriers that have both phones with memory smaller than 32 and phones with memory bigger than 64.
What are the names of the phones available ?
What are the names of the phones available ? What about those available in Alberta ?
What are the names of the phones available ? What about those available in Alberta ? Show the district as well .
What are the names of the phones available ? What about those available in Alberta ? Show the district as well . Remove the restriction of those in Alberta only , show all instead .
What are the names of the phones available ? What about those available in Alberta ? Show the district as well . Remove the restriction of those in Alberta only , show all instead . Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on.
What are the names and districts of the phones I can find in Ontario ?
What are the names and districts of the phones I can find in Ontario ? What about for each of the market district ?
What are the names and districts of the phones I can find in Ontario ? What about for each of the market district ? Order those by increasing number of shops .
What are the names and districts of the phones I can find in Ontario ? What about for each of the market district ? Order those by increasing number of shops . By ranking instead ?
What are the names and districts of the phones I can find in Ontario ? What about for each of the market district ? Order those by increasing number of shops . By ranking instead ? Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on, in ascending order of the ranking of the market.
What are the markets with at least 30 shops ?
What are the markets with at least 30 shops ? 50 shops ?
What are the markets with at least 30 shops ? 50 shops ? What are their phones ?
What are the markets with at least 30 shops ? 50 shops ? What are their phones ? Show the names of phones that are on market with number of shops greater than 50.
What are the names of the phones ?
What are the names of the phones ? Show me their memory as well .
What are the names of the phones ? Show me their memory as well . Their total stocks ?
What are the names of the phones ? Show me their memory as well . Their total stocks ? For each phone, show its names and total number of stocks.
Show the names of phones and their stocks .
Show the names of phones and their stocks . Of those , which have 64 GB memory ?
Show the names of phones and their stocks . Of those , which have 64 GB memory ? How about the having total stocks at least 2000 instead ?
Show the names of phones and their stocks . Of those , which have 64 GB memory ? How about the having total stocks at least 2000 instead ? Do n't show their number of stocks .
Show the names of phones and their stocks . Of those , which have 64 GB memory ? How about the having total stocks at least 2000 instead ? Do n't show their number of stocks . Can you sort them in increasing order of total stocks ?
Show the names of phones and their stocks . Of those , which have 64 GB memory ? How about the having total stocks at least 2000 instead ? Do n't show their number of stocks . Can you sort them in increasing order of total stocks ? Decreasing order instead .
Show the names of phones and their stocks . Of those , which have 64 GB memory ? How about the having total stocks at least 2000 instead ? Do n't show their number of stocks . Can you sort them in increasing order of total stocks ? Decreasing order instead . Show the names of phones that have total number of stocks bigger than 2000, in descending order of the total number of stocks.
Show me the vote percents of all the elections .
Show me the vote percents of all the elections . What are the minimum and maximum ones of them ?
Show me the vote percents of all the elections . What are the minimum and maximum ones of them ? What are the minimum and maximum vote percents of elections?
Show me the the name of all the representatives .
Show me the the name of all the representatives . Only show me those from New York or Indiana .
Show me the the name of all the representatives . Only show me those from New York or Indiana . What about their life spans ?
Show me the the name of all the representatives . Only show me those from New York or Indiana . What about their life spans ? What are the life spans of representatives from New York state or Indiana state?
Show me the name of all the representatives .
Show me the name of all the representatives . What about their votes in their elections ?
Show me the name of all the representatives . What about their votes in their elections ? Only show me the name of those with more than 10000 votes .
Show me the name of all the representatives . What about their votes in their elections ? Only show me the name of those with more than 10000 votes . What are the names of representatives with more than 10000 votes in election?
Show me the name of all the representatives .
Show me the name of all the representatives . What about their votes in their elections ?
Show me the name of all the representatives . What about their votes in their elections ? Show me their names in descending order of votes .
Show me the name of all the representatives . What about their votes in their elections ? Show me their names in descending order of votes . What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes?
Show me the names of all parties of the representative .
Show me the names of all parties of the representative . Show me the names of all the representatives .
Show me the names of all parties of the representative . Show me the names of all the representatives . What are their votes ?
Show me the names of all parties of the representative . Show me the names of all the representatives . What are their votes ? What is the party of the one with the smallest number of votes ?
Show me the names of all parties of the representative . Show me the names of all the representatives . What are their votes ? What is the party of the one with the smallest number of votes ? What is the party of the representative that has the smallest number of votes.
Show me the names of all the representatives .
Show me the names of all the representatives . What about their lifespans ?
Show me the names of all the representatives . What about their lifespans ? Please list them in descending order of their vote percentage .
Show me the names of all the representatives . What about their lifespans ? Please list them in descending order of their vote percentage . What are the lifespans of representatives in descending order of vote percent?
Show me the name of representatives from Republican party .
Show me the name of representatives from Republican party . What about their votes ?
Show me the name of representatives from Republican party . What about their votes ? Show me the average of them .
Show me the name of representatives from Republican party . What about their votes ? Show me the average of them . What is the average number of votes of representatives from party "Republican"?
What are the name of parties of representatives ?
What are the name of parties of representatives ? Show me the number of representatives in each party .
What are the name of parties of representatives ? Show me the number of representatives in each party . Give me the party that has more .
What are the name of parties of representatives ? Show me the number of representatives in each party . Give me the party that has more . What is the party that has the largest number of representatives?
What are the name of parties of representatives ?
What are the name of parties of representatives ? Show me the number of representatives in each party .
What are the name of parties of representatives ? Show me the number of representatives in each party . Give me the parties that have at least three of them .
What are the name of parties of representatives ? Show me the number of representatives in each party . Give me the parties that have at least three of them . What parties have at least three representatives?
Show me the name of the states of representative .
Show me the name of the states of representative . What about their number of representatives ?
Show me the name of the states of representative . What about their number of representatives ? Show me the states that have at least of them .
Show me the name of the states of representative . What about their number of representatives ? Show me the states that have at least of them . What states have at least two representatives?
Show me the names of all the representatives .
Show me the names of all the representatives . Who have not participated in elections listed here ?
Show me the names of all the representatives . Who have not participated in elections listed here ? List the names of representatives that have not participated in elections listed here.
What are all the races ?
What are all the races ? Show the name of the one held most recently .
What are all the races ? Show the name of the one held most recently . What is the name of the race held most recently?
What are all the races ?
What are all the races ? What is the most recent one ?
What are all the races ? What is the most recent one ? Only show its name and date .
What are all the races ? What is the most recent one ? Only show its name and date . What is the name and date of the most recent race?
What are all the races held in 2017 ?
What are all the races held in 2017 ? Only show their names .
What are all the races held in 2017 ? Only show their names . Find the names of all races held in 2017.
What are all races held between 2014 and 2017 ?
What are all races held between 2014 and 2017 ? Show the distinct names of them .
What are all races held between 2014 and 2017 ? Show the distinct names of them . Find the distinct names of all races held between 2014 and 2017?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? What about those who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds ?
What are all the drivers ? What about those who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds ? Show the distinct forename and surname of them .
What are all the drivers ? What about those who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds ? Show the distinct forename and surname of them . List the forename and surname of all distinct drivers who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? What about those who once had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds ?
What are all the drivers ? What about those who once had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds ? Show the distinct driver id and nationality of them .
What are all the drivers ? What about those who once had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds ? Show the distinct driver id and nationality of them . Find all the distinct id and nationality of drivers who have had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? Show the forename and surname of the one with the smallest laptime .
What are all the drivers ? Show the forename and surname of the one with the smallest laptime . What are the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest laptime?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? Show the id and family name of the one with the longest laptime .
What are all the drivers ? Show the id and family name of the one with the longest laptime . What is the id and family name of the driver who has the longest laptime?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? Which ones of them had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice ?
What are all the drivers ? Which ones of them had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice ? Only show their id , forename and surname
What are all the drivers ? Which ones of them had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice ? Only show their id , forename and surname What is the id, forename and surname of the driver who had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? Which ones of them participated in the race Australian Grand Prix held in 2009 ?
What are all the drivers ? Which ones of them participated in the race Australian Grand Prix held in 2009 ? How many drivers participated in the race Australian Grand Prix held in 2009?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? Which ones of them did not participate in the races held in 2009 ?
What are all the drivers ? Which ones of them did not participate in the races held in 2009 ? How many drivers did not participate in the races held in 2009?
What are all the drivers with forename Lewis ?
What are all the drivers with forename Lewis ? Show the names and years of races that had any of them ?
What are all the drivers with forename Lewis ? Show the names and years of races that had any of them ? Give me a list of names and years of races that had any driver whose forename is Lewis?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? Show the forename and surname of those whose nationality is German .
What are all the drivers ? Show the forename and surname of those whose nationality is German . Find the forename and surname of drivers whose nationality is German?
What are the ids and forenames of drivers that participated in races with name Australian Grand Prix ?
What are the ids and forenames of drivers that participated in races with name Australian Grand Prix ? Among them , show those who also participated the races with name Chinese Grand Prix .
What are the ids and forenames of drivers that participated in races with name Australian Grand Prix ? Among them , show those who also participated the races with name Chinese Grand Prix . Find the ids and forenames of drivers who participated both the races with name Australian Grand Prix and the races with name Chinese Grand Prix?
What are the forenames and surnames of drivers that participated in races with name Australian Grand Prix ?
What are the forenames and surnames of drivers that participated in races with name Australian Grand Prix ? Among them , show those who did not participate in the races named Chinese Grand Prix .
What are the forenames and surnames of drivers that participated in races with name Australian Grand Prix ? Among them , show those who did not participate in the races named Chinese Grand Prix . What are the forenames and surnames of drivers who participated in the races named Australian Grand Prix but not the races named Chinese Grand Prix?
Who are all the drivers who was in position 1 as standing ?
Who are all the drivers who was in position 1 as standing ? Among them , show the distinct forenames of those who also won ?
Who are all the drivers who was in position 1 as standing ? Among them , show the distinct forenames of those who also won ? Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who was in position 1 as standing and won?
Who are all the drivers who was in position 1 as standing ?
Who are all the drivers who was in position 1 as standing ? Among them , show those who also won ?
Who are all the drivers who was in position 1 as standing ? Among them , show those who also won ? Furthermore , show the distinct forenames of those who had more than 20 points .
Who are all the drivers who was in position 1 as standing ? Among them , show those who also won ? Furthermore , show the distinct forenames of those who had more than 20 points . Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points?
Who are all the constructors ?
Who are all the constructors ? Show the number of them in terms of each nationality .
Who are all the constructors ? Show the number of them in terms of each nationality . What are the numbers of constructors for different nationalities?
What are all the constructors ?
What are all the constructors ? How many races did each of them have ?
What are all the constructors ? How many races did each of them have ? What are the numbers of races for each constructor id?
What are all the races ?
What are all the races ? What are the names of those that were held after 2017 ?
What are all the races ? What are the names of those that were held after 2017 ? Among them , show those with their circuits in Spain .
What are all the races ? What are the names of those that were held after 2017 ? Among them , show those with their circuits in Spain . What are the names of races that were held after 2017 and the circuits were in the country of Spain?
What are all the races ?
What are all the races ? What are the names of those that were held after 2000 ?
What are all the races ? What are the names of those that were held after 2000 ? Among them , show the distinct name of those with their circuits in Spain .
What are all the races ? What are the names of those that were held after 2000 ? Among them , show the distinct name of those with their circuits in Spain . What are the unique names of races that held after 2000 and the circuits were in Spain?
What is the maximum pit stop duration in the race with id 841 ?
What is the maximum pit stop duration in the race with id 841 ? Find distinct driver ids and stop numbers of all drivers that have a shorter pit stop duration that that one .
What is the maximum pit stop duration in the race with id 841 ? Find distinct driver ids and stop numbers of all drivers that have a shorter pit stop duration that that one . Find the distinct driver id and the stop number of all drivers that have a shorter pit stop duration than some drivers in the race with id 841.
What is the minimum pit stop duration in the race with id 841 ?
What is the minimum pit stop duration in the race with id 841 ? Find distinct driver ids and stop numbers of all drivers that have a longer pit stop duration that that one .
What is the minimum pit stop duration in the race with id 841 ? Find distinct driver ids and stop numbers of all drivers that have a longer pit stop duration that that one . Find the distinct driver id of all drivers that have a longer stop duration than some drivers in the race whose id is 841?
What are the forenames of all the drivers ?
What are the forenames of all the drivers ? Show the distinct of them in alphabetical order .
What are the forenames of all the drivers ? Show the distinct of them in alphabetical order . List the forenames of all distinct drivers in alphabetical order?
What are the names of all the races ?
What are the names of all the races ? Show their distinct names in reversed lexicographic order .
What are the names of all the races ? Show their distinct names in reversed lexicographic order . List the names of all distinct races in reversed  lexicographic order?
What are all the races ?
What are all the races ? Which of them are held between 2009 and 2011 ?
What are all the races ? Which of them are held between 2009 and 2011 ? What are the names of races held between 2009 and 2011?
What are the names of all the races ?
What are the names of all the races ? Which of them are held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00 ?
What are the names of all the races ? Which of them are held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00 ? What are the names of races held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00?
What are the first , last names and ids of all the drivers ?
What are the first , last names and ids of all the drivers ? Show those who had more than 8 pit stops .
What are the first , last names and ids of all the drivers ? Show those who had more than 8 pit stops . Include drivers who participated in more than 5 races
What are the first , last names and ids of all the drivers ? Show those who had more than 8 pit stops . Include drivers who participated in more than 5 races What are the drivers' first, last names and id who had more than 8 pit stops or participated in more than 5 races?
What are the last names and ids of all the drivers ?
What are the last names and ids of all the drivers ? Show those who had 11 pit stops .
What are the last names and ids of all the drivers ? Show those who had 11 pit stops . Among those , who also participated in more than 5 race results ?
What are the last names and ids of all the drivers ? Show those who had 11 pit stops . Among those , who also participated in more than 5 race results ? What are the drivers' last names and id who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results?
What are the ids and last names of all the drivers ?
What are the ids and last names of all the drivers ? Who participated in the most races after 2010 ?
What are the ids and last names of all the drivers ? Who participated in the most races after 2010 ? What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010?
What are the names of all the circuits ?
What are the names of all the circuits ? Which of them belong to UK or Malaysia ?
What are the names of all the circuits ? Which of them belong to UK or Malaysia ? What are the names of circuits that belong to UK or Malaysia?
What are the ids and locations of all the circuits ?
What are the ids and locations of all the circuits ? Which of them belong to France or Belgium ?
What are the ids and locations of all the circuits ? Which of them belong to France or Belgium ? Find the id and location of circuits that belong to France or Belgium?
What are the names of all the constructors ?
What are the names of all the constructors ? Show the names of those who are Japanese .
What are the names of all the constructors ? Show the names of those who are Japanese . Among those , who have once earned more than 5 points ?
What are the names of all the constructors ? Show the names of those who are Japanese . Among those , who have once earned more than 5 points ? Find the names of Japanese constructors that have once earned more than 5 points?
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 .
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 . What are the fastest lap speed in that race ?
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 . What are the fastest lap speed in that race ? Show the average of them .
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 . What are the fastest lap speed in that race ? Show the average of them . What is the average fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 .
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 . What are the fastest lap speed in that race ?
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 . What are the fastest lap speed in that race ? Show the maximum of them .
What is the race named 'Monaco Grand Prix ' in 2008 . What are the fastest lap speed in that race ? Show the maximum of them . What is the maximum fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What are all the races held after 2014 ?
What are all the races held after 2014 ? What are the maximum fastest lap speed in those races in term of each race ?
What are all the races held after 2014 ? What are the maximum fastest lap speed in those races in term of each race ? Show them in order of year .
What are all the races held after 2014 ? What are the maximum fastest lap speed in those races in term of each race ? Show them in order of year . What are the maximum fastest lap speed in races held after 2014 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
What are all the races held after 2014 ?
What are all the races held after 2014 ? What are the average fastest lap speed in those races in term of each race ?
What are all the races held after 2014 ? What are the average fastest lap speed in those races in term of each race ? Show them in order of year .
What are all the races held after 2014 ? What are the average fastest lap speed in those races in term of each race ? Show them in order of year . What are the average fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
What are all the drivers ?
What are all the drivers ? Show the id , forename and number of races of those who have at least participated in two races .
What are all the drivers ? Show the id , forename and number of races of those who have at least participated in two races . Find the id, forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races?
Who are all the drivers ?
Who are all the drivers ? Show the id and number of races of those who have at most participated in 30 races .
Who are all the drivers ? Show the id and number of races of those who have at most participated in 30 races . Find the driver id and number of races of all drivers who have at most participated in 30 races?
tell me the Ram of the chip with model name X5 .
tell me the Ram of the chip with model name X5 . How about the X3 Basic 's ?
tell me the Ram of the chip with model name X5 . How about the X3 Basic 's ? Which model has the least amount of RAM ? List the model name and the amount of RAM .
tell me the Ram of the chip with model name X5 . How about the X3 Basic 's ? Which model has the least amount of RAM ? List the model name and the amount of RAM . Which model has the least amount of RAM? List the model name and the amount of RAM.
tell me the chip models produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' .
tell me the chip models produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' . Okay , tell me the RAM size of those chip models .
tell me the chip models produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' . Okay , tell me the RAM size of those chip models . So , what is maximum and minimum RAM size ?
tell me the chip models produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' . Okay , tell me the RAM size of those chip models . So , what is maximum and minimum RAM size ? What is maximum and minimum RAM size of phone produced by company named "Nokia Corporation"?
tell me the chip model produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' .
tell me the chip model produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' . Okay , tell me the ROM size of those chip models .
tell me the chip model produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' . Okay , tell me the ROM size of those chip models . So , what is the average ROM size ?
tell me the chip model produced by the company named `` Nokia Corporation '' . Okay , tell me the ROM size of those chip models . So , what is the average ROM size ? What is the average ROM size of phones produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
Tell me the phones that were launched in the year 2002 .
Tell me the phones that were launched in the year 2002 . What companies were they produced by ?
Tell me the phones that were launched in the year 2002 . What companies were they produced by ? Give information about the company and hardware model name for phones that have RAM size greater than 32 .
Tell me the phones that were launched in the year 2002 . What companies were they produced by ? Give information about the company and hardware model name for phones that have RAM size greater than 32 . List the hardware model name and company name for all the phones that were launched in year 2002 or have RAM size greater than 32.
Tell me the phones that have the word 'Provisional ' in their accreditation types .
Tell me the phones that have the word 'Provisional ' in their accreditation types . How about their company names ?
Tell me the phones that have the word 'Provisional ' in their accreditation types . How about their company names ? Okay , I want to know the same information of the phones that have word 'Full ' in their accreditation types .
Tell me the phones that have the word 'Provisional ' in their accreditation types . How about their company names ? Okay , I want to know the same information of the phones that have word 'Full ' in their accreditation types . Find all phones that have word 'Full' in their accreditation types. List the Hardware Model name and Company name.
Tell me the chip model of the phone with hardware model name `` LG-P760 '' .
Tell me the chip model of the phone with hardware model name `` LG-P760 '' . How about the Char cells , Pixels and Hardware colours for its screen ?
Tell me the chip model of the phone with hardware model name `` LG-P760 '' . How about the Char cells , Pixels and Hardware colours for its screen ? Find the Char cells, Pixels and Hardware colours for the screen of the phone whose hardware model name is "LG-P760".
List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is `` Text '' .
List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is `` Text '' . How about that with screen mode type `` Graphics '' .
List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is `` Text '' . How about that with screen mode type `` Graphics '' . List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is "Graphics"
Tell me the name of the company that has the largest number of phone models ? Give the count as well .
Tell me the name of the company that has the largest number of phone models ? Give the count as well . How about the smallest one ?
Tell me the name of the company that has the largest number of phone models ? Give the count as well . How about the smallest one ? Find the name of the company that has the least number of phone models. List the company name and the number of phone model produced by that company.
Tell the name of the company which produced the phone Nokia 700 .
Tell the name of the company which produced the phone Nokia 700 . So what is the company which produced the phone LG-P760 ?
Tell the name of the company which produced the phone Nokia 700 . So what is the company which produced the phone LG-P760 ? Tell me the name of the company that produced more than one phone model .
Tell the name of the company which produced the phone Nokia 700 . So what is the company which produced the phone LG-P760 ? Tell me the name of the company that produced more than one phone model . List the name of the company that produced more than one phone model.
Tell me the distinct maps in screen mode .
Tell me the distinct maps in screen mode . How about the used kb values ?
Tell me the distinct maps in screen mode . How about the used kb values ? Okay , I want to know the maximum , minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode .
Tell me the distinct maps in screen mode . How about the used kb values ? Okay , I want to know the maximum , minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode . List the maximum, minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode.
Tell me the the name of the phone model launched in the year 2003 .
Tell me the the name of the phone model launched in the year 2003 . How about that in the year 2002 ?
Tell me the the name of the phone model launched in the year 2003 . How about that in the year 2002 ? I want to know the one with highest RAM size .
Tell me the the name of the phone model launched in the year 2003 . How about that in the year 2002 ? I want to know the one with highest RAM size . List the name of the phone model launched in year 2002 and with the highest RAM size.
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named `` GT-I9300 '' ?
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named `` GT-I9300 '' ? How about that of the hardware model named `` Z520e '' ?
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named `` GT-I9300 '' ? How about that of the hardware model named `` Z520e '' ? Okay , I want to know that of the hardware model named `` LG-P760 '' .
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named `` GT-I9300 '' ? How about that of the hardware model named `` Z520e '' ? Okay , I want to know that of the hardware model named `` LG-P760 '' . What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named "LG-P760"?
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' .
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' . So how about the phones that have screen model type `` Text '' ?
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' . So how about the phones that have screen model type `` Text '' ? Okay , I want to know the same for the phones that have RAM size greater than 32 .
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' . So how about the phones that have screen model type `` Text '' ? Okay , I want to know the same for the phones that have RAM size greater than 32 . List the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type "Text" or RAM size greater than 32.
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' .
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' . So how about the phones that have screen model type `` Text '' ?
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' . So how about the phones that have screen model type `` Text '' ? Okay , for now I want to know the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' or whose screen mode type is `` Graphics . ''
Tell me the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type `` Graphics '' . So how about the phones that have screen model type `` Text '' ? Okay , for now I want to know the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' or whose screen mode type is `` Graphics . '' List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" or whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' .
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' . For these phones , which ones have screen model Text ?
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' . For these phones , which ones have screen model Text ? How about the ones that do not ?
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by `` Nokia Corporation '' . For these phones , which ones have screen model Text ? How about the ones that do not ? List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" but whose screen mode type is not Text.
Tell me the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is larger than 10 .
Tell me the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is larger than 10 . Smaller than 15 ?
Tell me the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is larger than 10 . Smaller than 15 ? Okay , now I want to know the phones with screen usage within that range .
Tell me the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is larger than 10 . Smaller than 15 ? Okay , now I want to know the phones with screen usage within that range . List the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is between 10 and 15.
Tell me the accreditation level of the hardware model with name Z520e .
Tell me the accreditation level of the hardware model with name Z520e . How about that of Nokia 700 ?
Tell me the accreditation level of the hardware model with name Z520e . How about that of Nokia 700 ? Okay , I want to know the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use .
Tell me the accreditation level of the hardware model with name Z520e . How about that of Nokia 700 ? Okay , I want to know the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use . Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use.
Tell me the ram size of the hardware model with name Nokia 700 .
Tell me the ram size of the hardware model with name Nokia 700 . How about for the GT-I9300 ?
Tell me the ram size of the hardware model with name Nokia 700 . How about for the GT-I9300 ? Tell me the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone .
Tell me the ram size of the hardware model with name Nokia 700 . How about for the GT-I9300 ? Tell me the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone . Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone.
Tell me all the chip models .
Tell me all the chip models . Tell me all the chip models that are used by phones with full accreditation type .
Tell me all the chip models . Tell me all the chip models that are used by phones with full accreditation type . How about not used by any phone with full accreditation type ?
Tell me all the chip models . Tell me all the chip models that are used by phones with full accreditation type . How about not used by any phone with full accreditation type ? Find the names of the chip models that are not used by any phone with full accreditation type.
Give the first and last names of the staff .
Give the first and last names of the staff . Also list the date of birth .
Give the first and last names of the staff . Also list the date of birth . What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
Give the first and last names of the staff . Also list the date of birth . What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ? What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
When did various staff join ?
When did various staff join ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company ?
When did various staff join ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company?
What was the most recent leaving of the company for any staff member ?
What was the most recent leaving of the company for any staff member ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company ?
What was the most recent leaving of the company for any staff member ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company?
How many unique nicknames are there for the staff ?
How many unique nicknames are there for the staff ? What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
How many unique nicknames are there for the staff ? What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ? What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
Sort the cities in which the staff live in by alphabetical order .
Sort the cities in which the staff live in by alphabetical order . Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live ?
Sort the cities in which the staff live in by alphabetical order . Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live ? Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
Where do the staff live ? Give first and last name and also country and state .
Where do the staff live ? Give first and last name and also country and state . Narrow that to Janessa Sawayn .
Where do the staff live ? Give first and last name and also country and state . Narrow that to Janessa Sawayn . In which country and state does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
Which customer ids took lessons ?
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take .
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take . What is the customer id of Rylan Goodwin ?
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take . What is the customer id of Rylan Goodwin ? How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin ?
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take . What is the customer id of Rylan Goodwin ? How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin ? How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin?
What is the address id of Janessa Sawayn ?
What is the address id of Janessa Sawayn ? For that address id , give teh zip code .
What is the address id of Janessa Sawayn ? For that address id , give teh zip code . What is the zip code of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
Which address ids correspond to the city Damianfort ?
Which address ids correspond to the city Damianfort ? Join that with staff to find staff living there . Give first and last name .
Which address ids correspond to the city Damianfort ? Join that with staff to find staff living there . Give first and last name . Find out the first name and last name of staff living in city Damianfort.
What is the most common address_id for staff ?
What is the most common address_id for staff ? List the corresponding city name and number of staff living there .
What is the most common address_id for staff ? List the corresponding city name and number of staff living there . In which city live the most staff? List the city name and number of staff.
List the states and counts of staff living there .
List the states and counts of staff living there . List the states which have between 2 to 4 staff living there .
List the states and counts of staff living there . List the states which have between 2 to 4 staff living there . List the states which have between 2 to 4 staff living there.
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler .
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler . Also show records for first name 'Marina '
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler . Also show records for first name 'Marina ' Just show the status code , mobile phone number and email address for the above .
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler . Also show records for first name 'Marina ' Just show the status code , mobile phone number and email address for the above . What is the status code, mobile phone number and email address of the customer with last name as Kohler or first name as Marina?
List the names and date became customer for the customers .
List the names and date became customer for the customers . Limit that to Carole Bernhard , and just show the relevant date .
List the names and date became customer for the customers . Limit that to Carole Bernhard , and just show the relevant date . When did customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard became a customer?
List the customer status code with their respective counts .
List the customer status code with their respective counts . Sort by ascending counts .
List the customer status code with their respective counts . Sort by ascending counts . Which customer status code has least number of customers ?
List the customer status code with their respective counts . Sort by ascending counts . Which customer status code has least number of customers ? Which customer status code has least number of customers?
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name .
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name . Just show that information for the completed status lessons .
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name . Just show that information for the completed status lessons . How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed ?
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name . Just show that information for the completed status lessons . How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed ? How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed?
List names of customers with their amount outstanding .
List names of customers with their amount outstanding . What is maximum , minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer ?
List names of customers with their amount outstanding . What is maximum , minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer ? What is maximum, minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer?
List records of customers living in city Lockmanfurt .
List records of customers living in city Lockmanfurt . Just show the first and last name .
List records of customers living in city Lockmanfurt . Just show the first and last name . List first name and last name of customers living in city Lockmanfurt.
Join customer names with their lived-in countries .
Join customer names with their lived-in countries . Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard live in ?
Join customer names with their lived-in countries . Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard live in ? Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard live in?
What are the customers zip codes ?
What are the customers zip codes ? What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard ?
What are the customers zip codes ? What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard ? What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard?
Give counts of cities customers live in .
Give counts of cities customers live in . Which city has most number of customers ?
Give counts of cities customers live in . Which city has most number of customers ? Which city has most number of customers?
List a sum of all the payments for all the customers .
List a sum of all the payments for all the customers . How much in total has customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid ?
List a sum of all the payments for all the customers . How much in total has customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid ? How much in total has customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid?
Which customer ids have no payment history ?
Which customer ids have no payment history ? Count those .
Which customer ids have no payment history ? Count those . List the number of customers that did not have any payment history.
Count the payments per customer .
Count the payments per customer . Just for those with more than 2 payments .
Count the payments per customer . Just for those with more than 2 payments . List first name and last name of customers that have more than 2 payments.
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa Intersect that with last name Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's ' .
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa Intersect that with last name Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's ' . List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa, last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's'.
Count the lessons grouped by staff first name .
Count the lessons grouped by staff first name . How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a ' in it ?
Count the lessons grouped by staff first name . How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a ' in it ? How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a' in it?
Count the lesson time grouped by staff id .
Count the lesson time grouped by staff id . Join that sum on the staff with first name Janess and last name Sawayn .
Count the lesson time grouped by staff id . Join that sum on the staff with first name Janess and last name Sawayn . How long is the total lesson time taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff .
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff . Give the average .
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff . Give the average . Just for first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff . Give the average . Just for first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ? What is average lesson price taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
count the lessons taken per customer first name .
count the lessons taken per customer first name . How many lessons did customer with first name Ray take ?
count the lessons taken per customer first name . How many lessons did customer with first name Ray take ? How many lessons did customer with first name Ray take?
What are the distinct last names of staff ?
What are the distinct last names of staff ? Of customers ?
What are the distinct last names of staff ? Of customers ? Intersect that .
What are the distinct last names of staff ? Of customers ? Intersect that . Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
Which staff gave lessons ? Give their first names .
Which staff gave lessons ? Give their first names . Which staff first names did not ?
Which staff gave lessons ? Give their first names . Which staff first names did not ? What are the first names of staff who did not give any lesson?
List the distinct vehicle ids used in lessons .
List the distinct vehicle ids used in lessons . For those , give the detail as well .
List the distinct vehicle ids used in lessons . For those , give the detail as well . What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times ?
List the distinct vehicle ids used in lessons . For those , give the detail as well . What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times ? What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times?
Give the first and last names of the staff .
Give the first and last names of the staff . Also list the date of birth .
Give the first and last names of the staff . Also list the date of birth . What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
Give the first and last names of the staff . Also list the date of birth . What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ? What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
When did various staff join ?
When did various staff join ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company ?
When did various staff join ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company?
What was the most recent leaving of the company for any staff member ?
What was the most recent leaving of the company for any staff member ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company ?
What was the most recent leaving of the company for any staff member ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company ? When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company?
How many unique nicknames are there for the staff ?
How many unique nicknames are there for the staff ? What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
How many unique nicknames are there for the staff ? What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ? What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
Sort the cities in which the staff live in by alphabetical order .
Sort the cities in which the staff live in by alphabetical order . Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live ?
Sort the cities in which the staff live in by alphabetical order . Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live ? Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
Where do the staff live ? Give first and last name and also country and state .
Where do the staff live ? Give first and last name and also country and state . Narrow that to Janessa Sawayn .
Where do the staff live ? Give first and last name and also country and state . Narrow that to Janessa Sawayn . In which country and state does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
Which customer ids took lessons ?
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take .
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take . What is the customer id of Rylan Goodwin ?
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take . What is the customer id of Rylan Goodwin ? How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin ?
Which customer ids took lessons ? Sum over the lesson time for those groups . Also count the number of lessons take . What is the customer id of Rylan Goodwin ? How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin ? How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin?
What is the address id of Janessa Sawayn ?
What is the address id of Janessa Sawayn ? For that address id , give teh zip code .
What is the address id of Janessa Sawayn ? For that address id , give teh zip code . What is the zip code of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
Which address ids correspond to the city Damianfort ?
Which address ids correspond to the city Damianfort ? Join that with staff to find staff living there . Give first and last name .
Which address ids correspond to the city Damianfort ? Join that with staff to find staff living there . Give first and last name . Find out the first name and last name of staff living in city Damianfort.
What is the most common address_id for staff ?
What is the most common address_id for staff ? List the corresponding city name and number of staff living there .
What is the most common address_id for staff ? List the corresponding city name and number of staff living there . In which city live the most staff? List the city name and number of staff.
List the states and counts of staff living there .
List the states and counts of staff living there . List the states which have between 2 to 4 staff living there .
List the states and counts of staff living there . List the states which have between 2 to 4 staff living there . List the states which have between 2 to 4 staff living there.
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler .
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler . Also show records for first name 'Marina '
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler . Also show records for first name 'Marina ' Just show the status code , mobile phone number and email address for the above .
Give records on the customer with last name Kohler . Also show records for first name 'Marina ' Just show the status code , mobile phone number and email address for the above . What is the status code, mobile phone number and email address of the customer with last name as Kohler or first name as Marina?
List the names and date became customer for the customers .
List the names and date became customer for the customers . Limit that to Carole Bernhard , and just show the relevant date .
List the names and date became customer for the customers . Limit that to Carole Bernhard , and just show the relevant date . When did customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard became a customer?
List the customer status code with their respective counts .
List the customer status code with their respective counts . Sort by ascending counts .
List the customer status code with their respective counts . Sort by ascending counts . Which customer status code has least number of customers ?
List the customer status code with their respective counts . Sort by ascending counts . Which customer status code has least number of customers ? Which customer status code has least number of customers?
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name .
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name . Just show that information for the completed status lessons .
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name . Just show that information for the completed status lessons . How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed ?
List the lessons taken by each customer first and last name . Just show that information for the completed status lessons . How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed ? How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed?
List names of customers with their amount outstanding .
List names of customers with their amount outstanding . What is maximum , minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer ?
List names of customers with their amount outstanding . What is maximum , minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer ? What is maximum, minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer?
List records of customers living in city Lockmanfurt .
List records of customers living in city Lockmanfurt . Just show the first and last name .
List records of customers living in city Lockmanfurt . Just show the first and last name . List first name and last name of customers living in city Lockmanfurt.
Join customer names with their lived-in countries .
Join customer names with their lived-in countries . Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard live in ?
Join customer names with their lived-in countries . Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard live in ? Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard live in?
What are the customers zip codes ?
What are the customers zip codes ? What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard ?
What are the customers zip codes ? What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard ? What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard?
Give counts of cities customers live in .
Give counts of cities customers live in . Which city has most number of customers ?
Give counts of cities customers live in . Which city has most number of customers ? Which city has most number of customers?
List a sum of all the payments for all the customers .
List a sum of all the payments for all the customers . How much in total has customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid ?
List a sum of all the payments for all the customers . How much in total has customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid ? How much in total has customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid?
Which customer ids have no payment history ?
Which customer ids have no payment history ? Count those .
Which customer ids have no payment history ? Count those . List the number of customers that did not have any payment history.
Count the payments per customer .
Count the payments per customer . Just for those with more than 2 payments .
Count the payments per customer . Just for those with more than 2 payments . List first name and last name of customers that have more than 2 payments.
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa Intersect that with last name Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's ' .
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa Intersect that with last name Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's ' . List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa, last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's'.
Count the lessons grouped by staff first name .
Count the lessons grouped by staff first name . How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a ' in it ?
Count the lessons grouped by staff first name . How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a ' in it ? How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a' in it?
Count the lesson time grouped by staff id .
Count the lesson time grouped by staff id . Join that sum on the staff with first name Janess and last name Sawayn .
Count the lesson time grouped by staff id . Join that sum on the staff with first name Janess and last name Sawayn . How long is the total lesson time taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff .
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff . Give the average .
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff . Give the average . Just for first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ?
Show the sum of lesson prices per staff . Give the average . Just for first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn ? What is average lesson price taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
count the lessons taken per customer first name .
count the lessons taken per customer first name . How many lessons did customer with first name Ray take ?
count the lessons taken per customer first name . How many lessons did customer with first name Ray take ? How many lessons did customer with first name Ray take?
What are the distinct last names of staff ?
What are the distinct last names of staff ? Of customers ?
What are the distinct last names of staff ? Of customers ? Intersect that .
What are the distinct last names of staff ? Of customers ? Intersect that . Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
Which staff gave lessons ? Give their first names .
Which staff gave lessons ? Give their first names . Which staff first names did not ?
Which staff gave lessons ? Give their first names . Which staff first names did not ? What are the first names of staff who did not give any lesson?
What are the names of all the members ?
What are the names of all the members ? What countries are they each from ?
What are the names of all the members ? What countries are they each from ? Now show those from the United States .
What are the names of all the members ? What countries are they each from ? Now show those from the United States . Can you also include those from Canada ?
What are the names of all the members ? What countries are they each from ? Now show those from the United States . Can you also include those from Canada ? Show the names of members whose country is "United States" or "Canada".
What are all the distinct countries the members belong to ?
What are all the distinct countries the members belong to ? How many members belong to each one ?
What are all the distinct countries the members belong to ? How many members belong to each one ? Which one has the least number of members ?
What are all the distinct countries the members belong to ? How many members belong to each one ? Which one has the least number of members ? How about the most ?
What are all the distinct countries the members belong to ? How many members belong to each one ? Which one has the least number of members ? How about the most ? Show the most common country across members.
Can you show me all the member names and their countries ?
Can you show me all the member names and their countries ? List all the different countries .
Can you show me all the member names and their countries ? List all the different countries . Which of these have more than one member ?
Can you show me all the member names and their countries ? List all the different countries . Which of these have more than one member ? How about more than two ?
Can you show me all the member names and their countries ? List all the different countries . Which of these have more than one member ? How about more than two ? Which countries have more than two members?
What are the names of all the members in alphabetical order ?
What are the names of all the members in alphabetical order ? Also provide their college names .
What are the names of all the members in alphabetical order ? Also provide their college names . and their college locations !
What are the names of all the members in alphabetical order ? Also provide their college names . and their college locations ! actually , show just the names and locations .
What are the names of all the members in alphabetical order ? Also provide their college names . and their college locations ! actually , show just the names and locations . Show the names of members and the locations of colleges they go to in ascending alphabetical order of member names.
Who are all the members from the country Canada ?
Who are all the members from the country Canada ? What are the names of the colleges they go to ?
Who are all the members from the country Canada ? What are the names of the colleges they go to ? Who are the team leaders of these colleges ?
Who are all the members from the country Canada ? What are the names of the colleges they go to ? Who are the team leaders of these colleges ? Show me a list of all the different leaders !
Who are all the members from the country Canada ? What are the names of the colleges they go to ? Who are the team leaders of these colleges ? Show me a list of all the different leaders ! Show the distinct leader names of colleges associated with members from country "Canada".
How many different rounds are there ?
How many different rounds are there ? What are they ?
How many different rounds are there ? What are they ? For each , who are the names of the members with ranks in rounds lower than 3 ?
How many different rounds are there ? What are they ? For each , who are the names of the members with ranks in rounds lower than 3 ? How about greater than 3 ?
How many different rounds are there ? What are they ? For each , who are the names of the members with ranks in rounds lower than 3 ? How about greater than 3 ? Show the names of members that have a rank in round higher than 3.
What are the names of the member that did not made it to any round ?
What are the names of the member that did not made it to any round ? Now show me the other members !
What are the names of the member that did not made it to any round ? Now show me the other members ! Show just the names ordered from greatest to least on their ranks .
What are the names of the member that did not made it to any round ? Now show me the other members ! Show just the names ordered from greatest to least on their ranks . Actually , sort least to greatest !
What are the names of the member that did not made it to any round ? Now show me the other members ! Show just the names ordered from greatest to least on their ranks . Actually , sort least to greatest ! Show the names of members in ascending order of their rank in rounds.
List the information for all volumes .
List the information for all volumes . Order them by weeks on top from the most to the least .
List the information for all volumes . Order them by weeks on top from the most to the least . What is the maximum weeks on top for a volume ?
List the information for all volumes . Order them by weeks on top from the most to the least . What is the maximum weeks on top for a volume ? Include the minimum as well .
List the information for all volumes . Order them by weeks on top from the most to the least . What is the maximum weeks on top for a volume ? Include the minimum as well . What are the maximum and minimum week on top of all volumes?
Order volumes by weeks on top in increasing order .
Order volumes by weeks on top in increasing order . Which volumes lasted no more than 2 weeks on top ?
Order volumes by weeks on top in increasing order . Which volumes lasted no more than 2 weeks on top ? Which ones lasted more than 2 weeks on top ?
Order volumes by weeks on top in increasing order . Which volumes lasted no more than 2 weeks on top ? Which ones lasted more than 2 weeks on top ? What are the ceremony dates for these volumes ?
Order volumes by weeks on top in increasing order . Which volumes lasted no more than 2 weeks on top ? Which ones lasted more than 2 weeks on top ? What are the ceremony dates for these volumes ? Please show the date of ceremony of the volumes that last more than 2 weeks on top.
List the names of all songs .
List the names of all songs . Which songs were featured at music festivals ?
List the names of all songs . Which songs were featured at music festivals ? Which ones have the result nominated ?
List the names of all songs . Which songs were featured at music festivals ? Which ones have the result nominated ? Please show the songs that have result "nominated" at music festivals.
List the names of artists who have released volumes .
List the names of artists who have released volumes . List the information of volumes released by Gorgoroth .
List the names of artists who have released volumes . List the information of volumes released by Gorgoroth . What are their issue dates ?
List the names of artists who have released volumes . List the information of volumes released by Gorgoroth . What are their issue dates ? What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist "Gorgoroth"?
List all artists .
List all artists . Only list those aged 32 or older .
List all artists . Only list those aged 32 or older . Show the information for volumes associated with these artists .
List all artists . Only list those aged 32 or older . Show the information for volumes associated with these artists . Only show song names .
List all artists . Only list those aged 32 or older . Show the information for volumes associated with these artists . Only show song names . What are the songs in volumes associated with the artist aged 32 or older?
List all volumes .
List all volumes . Only show information for volumes associated with artists aged 25 or younger .
List all volumes . Only show information for volumes associated with artists aged 25 or younger . What is the average weeks on top for these volumes ?
List all volumes . Only show information for volumes associated with artists aged 25 or younger . What is the average weeks on top for these volumes ? What is the average weeks on top of volumes associated with the artist aged 25 or younger?
What are the names of all artists ?
What are the names of all artists ? Which of them have released volumes ?
What are the names of all artists ? Which of them have released volumes ? Only show those whose volumes spent more than 2 weeks on top .
What are the names of all artists ? Which of them have released volumes ? Only show those whose volumes spent more than 2 weeks on top . List the famous titles of these artists .
What are the names of all artists ? Which of them have released volumes ? Only show those whose volumes spent more than 2 weeks on top . List the famous titles of these artists . What are the famous title of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top?
Show the names of all artists .
Show the names of all artists . Order them by decreasing age .
Show the names of all artists . Order them by decreasing age . Who is the oldest artist ?
Show the names of all artists . Order them by decreasing age . Who is the oldest artist ? What is his famous release date ?
Show the names of all artists . Order them by decreasing age . Who is the oldest artist ? What is his famous release date ? What is the famous release date of the artist with the oldest age?
List the names of all music festivals .
List the names of all music festivals . Include the ID of the volume featured at each music festival .
List the names of all music festivals . Include the ID of the volume featured at each music festival . Also include the result of each volume .
List the names of all music festivals . Include the ID of the volume featured at each music festival . Also include the result of each volume . What was the most common result ?
List the names of all music festivals . Include the ID of the volume featured at each music festival . Also include the result of each volume . What was the most common result ? What is the most common result of the music festival?
List all the different categories of music festivals .
List all the different categories of music festivals . Order them by decreasing frequency of category .
List all the different categories of music festivals . Order them by decreasing frequency of category . Only show the categories that appear more than once .
List all the different categories of music festivals . Order them by decreasing frequency of category . Only show the categories that appear more than once . Please show the categories of the music festivals with count more than 1.
List the song associated with each volume .
List the song associated with each volume . Show the weeks on top for each song .
List the song associated with each volume . Show the weeks on top for each song . Order by decreasing weeks on top .
List the song associated with each volume . Show the weeks on top for each song . Order by decreasing weeks on top . Which song had the most weeks on top ?
List the song associated with each volume . Show the weeks on top for each song . Order by decreasing weeks on top . Which song had the most weeks on top ? What is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top?
List the names of all artists .
List the names of all artists . How many artists have not released any volumes ?
List the names of all artists . How many artists have not released any volumes ? What are their names ?
List the names of all artists . How many artists have not released any volumes ? What are their names ? How about their famous titles ?
List the names of all artists . How many artists have not released any volumes ? What are their names ? How about their famous titles ? Find the famous titles of artists that do not have any volume.
Which artists have released volumes ?
Which artists have released volumes ? Whose volumes lasted more than 2 weeks on top ?
Which artists have released volumes ? Whose volumes lasted more than 2 weeks on top ? Whose volumes also lasted less than 2 weeks on top ?
Which artists have released volumes ? Whose volumes lasted more than 2 weeks on top ? Whose volumes also lasted less than 2 weeks on top ? What are their famous titles ?
Which artists have released volumes ? Whose volumes lasted more than 2 weeks on top ? Whose volumes also lasted less than 2 weeks on top ? What are their famous titles ? Show the famous titles of the artists with both volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top and volumes that lasted less than 2 weeks on top.
List the information of all music festivals .
List the information of all music festivals . Only show festivals with category Best Song .
List the information of all music festivals . Only show festivals with category Best Song . Which of those festivals also have the result Awarded ?
List the information of all music festivals . Only show festivals with category Best Song . Which of those festivals also have the result Awarded ? Show their ceremony dates .
List the information of all music festivals . Only show festivals with category Best Song . Which of those festivals also have the result Awarded ? Show their ceremony dates . What are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category "Best Song" and result "Awarded"?
List the information for all volumes .
List the information for all volumes . Order by increasing weeks on top .
List the information for all volumes . Order by increasing weeks on top . Which one had the minimum weeks on top ?
List the information for all volumes . Order by increasing weeks on top . Which one had the minimum weeks on top ? What was its issue date ?
List the information for all volumes . Order by increasing weeks on top . Which one had the minimum weeks on top ? What was its issue date ? What is the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top?
Show the results of all music festivals .
Show the results of all music festivals . What is the total number of each result ?
Show the results of all music festivals . What is the total number of each result ? Order by decreasing order .
Show the results of all music festivals . What is the total number of each result ? Order by decreasing order . Please show the results of music festivals and the number of music festivals that have had each, ordered by this count.
How many baseball players are there ?
How many baseball players are there ? How about the number of colleges ?
How many baseball players are there ? How about the number of colleges ? How many baseball players are there in each college ?
How many baseball players are there ? How about the number of colleges ? How many baseball players are there in each college ? Can you order the results by the number of baseball players in descending order ?
How many baseball players are there ? How about the number of colleges ? How many baseball players are there in each college ? Can you order the results by the number of baseball players in descending order ? Please give me the full name and id of the first college .
How many baseball players are there ? How about the number of colleges ? How many baseball players are there in each college ? Can you order the results by the number of baseball players in descending order ? Please give me the full name and id of the first college . what is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players?
What is the average salary of the players ?
What is the average salary of the players ? How about for each team ?
What is the average salary of the players ? How about for each team ? How about for the team 'Boston Red Stockings ' ?
What is the average salary of the players ? How about for each team ? How about for the team 'Boston Red Stockings ' ? What is average salary of the players in the team named 'Boston Red Stockings' ?
How many players have participated in all star games ?
How many players have participated in all star games ? How about in 1998 ?
How many players have participated in all star games ? How about in 1998 ? Please list the first and last names of these players .
How many players have participated in all star games ? How about in 1998 ? Please list the first and last names of these players . What are first and last names of players participating in all star game in 1998?
How many players have participated in all star games ?
How many players have participated in all star games ? Among these players , how many times did they participate in all star game ?
How many players have participated in all star games ? Among these players , how many times did they participate in all star game ? Could you please give the top 10 players that have the most all star experience ?
How many players have participated in all star games ? Among these players , how many times did they participate in all star game ? Could you please give the top 10 players that have the most all star experience ? Please give me the information of the top one .
How many players have participated in all star games ? Among these players , how many times did they participate in all star game ? Could you please give the top 10 players that have the most all star experience ? Please give me the information of the top one . What are the first name, last name and id of the player with the most all star game experiences? Also list the count.
What is the average attendance ?
What is the average attendance ? What is the average attendance of each team in 2013 ?
What is the average attendance ? What is the average attendance of each team in 2013 ? How about in 2014 ?
What is the average attendance ? What is the average attendance of each team in 2013 ? How about in 2014 ? Please list the id and rank of the team that had the largest average attendance in that year .
What is the average attendance ? What is the average attendance of each team in 2013 ? How about in 2014 ? Please list the id and rank of the team that had the largest average attendance in that year . In 2014, what are the id and rank of the team that has the largest average number of attendance?
Who are the managers that have won the manager award ?
Who are the managers that have won the manager award ? How many times did each manager get this award ?
Who are the managers that have won the manager award ? How many times did each manager get this award ? Who won the most times ?
Who are the managers that have won the manager award ? How many times did each manager get this award ? Who won the most times ? Please give their full name and id .
Who are the managers that have won the manager award ? How many times did each manager get this award ? Who won the most times ? Please give their full name and id . What are the manager's first name, last name and id who won the most manager award?
How many players have won player awards ?
How many players have won player awards ? Please list their full names .
How many players have won player awards ? Please list their full names . Among them , who won the most player awards ? List their full name and id .
How many players have won player awards ? Please list their full names . Among them , who won the most player awards ? List their full name and id . How about top 3 ?
How many players have won player awards ? Please list their full names . Among them , who won the most player awards ? List their full name and id . How about top 3 ? Which 3 players won the most player awards? List their full name and id.
Which countries do players come from ?
Which countries do players come from ? How many players are from each country ?
Which countries do players come from ? How many players are from each country ? Which country provided the most players ?
Which countries do players come from ? How many players are from each country ? Which country provided the most players ? What are the three countries that provided the fewest players ?
Which countries do players come from ? How many players are from each country ? Which country provided the most players ? What are the three countries that provided the fewest players ? List three countries which are the origins of the least players.
How many left-handed batters are there ?
How many left-handed batters are there ? How about the right-handed batters ?
How many left-handed batters are there ? How about the right-handed batters ? Out of those batters , how many were born in California ?
How many left-handed batters are there ? How about the right-handed batters ? Out of those batters , how many were born in California ? How about those born in the USA ?
How many left-handed batters are there ? How about the right-handed batters ? Out of those batters , how many were born in California ? How about those born in the USA ? How many players born in USA are right-handed batters? That is, have the batter value 'R'.
What is the average height of all players ?
What is the average height of all players ? What is the average height of players from 'University of Akron ' ?
What is the average height of all players ? What is the average height of players from 'University of Akron ' ? How about for those from Yale University ?
What is the average height of all players ? What is the average height of players from 'University of Akron ' ? How about for those from Yale University ? What is the average height of the players from the college named 'Yale University'?
What is the average salary of all teams ?
What is the average salary of all teams ? What is the average salary of each team ?
What is the average salary of all teams ? What is the average salary of each team ? What is the highest salary of each team ?
What is the average salary of all teams ? What is the average salary of each team ? What is the highest salary of each team ? Please also give the team name , id and maximum salary .
What is the average salary of all teams ? What is the average salary of each team ? What is the highest salary of each team ? Please also give the team name , id and maximum salary . What is the highest salary among each team? List the team name, id and maximum salary.
What is the average salary of all teams ?
What is the average salary of all teams ? What about for each team ?
What is the average salary of all teams ? What about for each team ? Can you order the results by average salary ?
What is the average salary of all teams ? What about for each team ? Can you order the results by average salary ? Please give the first one with its name and id .
What is the average salary of all teams ? What about for each team ? Can you order the results by average salary ? Please give the first one with its name and id . What are the name and id of the team offering the lowest average salary?
Which players have won an award ?
Which players have won an award ? Who won an award in 1960 ?
Which players have won an award ? Who won an award in 1960 ? How about in 1961 ?
Which players have won an award ? Who won an award in 1960 ? How about in 1961 ? Among the players , who won awards both in 1960 and in 1961 ?
Which players have won an award ? Who won an award in 1960 ? How about in 1961 ? Among the players , who won awards both in 1960 and in 1961 ? Find the players' first name and last name who won award both in 1960 and in 1961.
How many players have a weight greater than 220 ?
How many players have a weight greater than 220 ? How about greater than 230 ?
How many players have a weight greater than 220 ? How about greater than 230 ? How many players have a weight greater than 220 or height shorter than 75 ?
How many players have a weight greater than 220 ? How about greater than 230 ? How many players have a weight greater than 220 or height shorter than 75 ? Please list their full names .
How many players have a weight greater than 220 ? How about greater than 230 ? How many players have a weight greater than 220 or height shorter than 75 ? Please list their full names . List players' first name and last name who have weight greater than 220 or height shorter than 75.
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ? What is the average score of the games that it won ?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ? What is the average score of the games that it won ? How about the the maximum score ?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ? What is the average score of the games that it won ? How about the the maximum score ? List the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ? How many time did the Chicago White Stockings win in postseason ?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ? How many time did the Chicago White Stockings win in postseason ? How many times did the Boston Red Stockings lose in postseason ?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ? How many time did the Chicago White Stockings win in postseason ? How many times did the Boston Red Stockings lose in postseason ? How about the number in 2009 ?
How many times did the Boston Red Stockings win in postseason ? How many time did the Chicago White Stockings win in postseason ? How many times did the Boston Red Stockings lose in postseason ? How about the number in 2009 ? How many times did Boston Red Stockings lose in 2009 postseason?
Which teams have had victories ?
Which teams have had victories ? How about in 2008 postseason ?
Which teams have had victories ? How about in 2008 postseason ? Among the results , which team has had the fewest victories ?
Which teams have had victories ? How about in 2008 postseason ? Among the results , which team has had the fewest victories ? How about the team with the most victories ?
Which teams have had victories ? How about in 2008 postseason ? Among the results , which team has had the fewest victories ? How about the team with the most victories ? What are the name and id of the team with the most victories in 2008 postseason?
How many wins does the team Boston Red Stockings have ?
How many wins does the team Boston Red Stockings have ? How many wins did the team Boston Red Stockings have in 2008 ?
How many wins does the team Boston Red Stockings have ? How many wins did the team Boston Red Stockings have in 2008 ? How about the wins in each year ?
How many wins does the team Boston Red Stockings have ? How many wins did the team Boston Red Stockings have in 2008 ? How about the wins in each year ? What is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history?
How many games were there in 1885 ?
How many games were there in 1885 ? How about in 1900 ?
How many games were there in 1885 ? How about in 1900 ? How many games resulted in ties ?
How many games were there in 1885 ? How about in 1900 ? How many games resulted in ties ? How about the number in 1885 ?
How many games were there in 1885 ? How about in 1900 ? How many games resulted in ties ? How about the number in 1885 ? How many games in 1885 postseason resulted in ties (that is, the value of "ties" is '1')?
What is the average salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings ?
What is the average salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings ? How about the average salary paid in 2010 ?
What is the average salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings ? How about the average salary paid in 2010 ? What is the total salary in this year ?
What is the average salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings ? How about the average salary paid in 2010 ? What is the total salary in this year ? What is the total salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings in 2010?
Show the player ids of the players in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2001 .
Show the player ids of the players in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2001 . How about in 2000 ?
Show the player ids of the players in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2001 . How about in 2000 ? How many players were there that year ?
Show the player ids of the players in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2001 . How about in 2000 ? How many players were there that year ? How many players were in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2000?
What is the highest salary out of all the players ?
What is the highest salary out of all the players ? How about in 2001 ?
What is the highest salary out of all the players ? How about in 2001 ? Could you please give the top three highest salaries from that year ?
What is the highest salary out of all the players ? How about in 2001 ? Could you please give the top three highest salaries from that year ? List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001?
What were all the salary values of players in 2012 ?
What were all the salary values of players in 2012 ? How about in 2010 ?
What were all the salary values of players in 2012 ? How about in 2010 ? What is the average number of these results ?
What were all the salary values of players in 2012 ? How about in 2010 ? What is the average number of these results ? Could please give all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001 ?
What were all the salary values of players in 2012 ? How about in 2010 ? What is the average number of these results ? Could please give all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001 ? What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001?
How many players are there in the hall of fame ?
How many players are there in the hall of fame ? How many of them entered each year ?
How many players are there in the hall of fame ? How many of them entered each year ? Which year has the fewest people ?
How many players are there in the hall of fame ? How many of them entered each year ? Which year has the fewest people ? In which year did the least people enter hall of fame?
Which city is `` Columbia Park '' located in ?
Which city is `` Columbia Park '' located in ? How many games were played in this park ?
Which city is `` Columbia Park '' located in ? How many games were played in this park ? How about in year 1908 ?
Which city is `` Columbia Park '' located in ? How many games were played in this park ? How about in year 1908 ? How about in year 1907 ?
Which city is `` Columbia Park '' located in ? How many games were played in this park ? How about in year 1908 ? How about in year 1907 ? How many games were played in park "Columbia Park" in 1907?
Which park is located in Atlanta ?
Which park is located in Atlanta ? How many games were played in this city ?
Which park is located in Atlanta ? How many games were played in this city ? How about the number in 2010 ?
Which park is located in Atlanta ? How many games were played in this city ? How about the number in 2010 ? How about the number in 2000 ?
Which park is located in Atlanta ? How many games were played in this city ? How about the number in 2010 ? How about the number in 2000 ? How many games were played in city Atlanta in 2000?
What is the total home game attendance of team Cleveland Forest Citys ?
What is the total home game attendance of team Cleveland Forest Citys ? How about the number for Boston Red Stockings ?
What is the total home game attendance of team Cleveland Forest Citys ? How about the number for Boston Red Stockings ? Can you please give the results for 2005 ?
What is the total home game attendance of team Cleveland Forest Citys ? How about the number for Boston Red Stockings ? Can you please give the results for 2005 ? How about the number from 2000 to 2010 ?
What is the total home game attendance of team Cleveland Forest Citys ? How about the number for Boston Red Stockings ? Can you please give the results for 2005 ? How about the number from 2000 to 2010 ? What is the total home game attendance of team Boston Red Stockings from 2000 to 2010?
How many players with first name Len and last name Barker are there ?
How many players with first name Len and last name Barker are there ? What is the average salary that he won in his career ?
How many players with first name Len and last name Barker are there ? What is the average salary that he won in his career ? What is the total salary that he won in his career ?
How many players with first name Len and last name Barker are there ? What is the average salary that he won in his career ? What is the total salary that he won in his career ? How about the total salary between 1985 to 1990 ?
How many players with first name Len and last name Barker are there ? What is the average salary that he won in his career ? What is the total salary that he won in his career ? How about the total salary between 1985 to 1990 ? How much did the the player with first name Len and last name Barker earn between 1985 to 1990 in total?
In which parks does the team `` Washington Nationals '' play games ?
In which parks does the team `` Washington Nationals '' play games ? How many players have played for this team ?
In which parks does the team `` Washington Nationals '' play games ? How many players have played for this team ? Could you please list their full names ?
In which parks does the team `` Washington Nationals '' play games ? How many players have played for this team ? Could you please list their full names ? How about names of the players that played for this team in both 2005 and 2007
In which parks does the team `` Washington Nationals '' play games ? How many players have played for this team ? Could you please list their full names ? How about names of the players that played for this team in both 2005 and 2007 List players' first name and last name who received salary from team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007.
In which parks does the team `` Boston Red Stockings '' play games ?
In which parks does the team `` Boston Red Stockings '' play games ? How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play ?
In which parks does the team `` Boston Red Stockings '' play games ? How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play ? How about the number from 1990 to 2000 ?
In which parks does the team `` Boston Red Stockings '' play games ? How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play ? How about the number from 1990 to 2000 ? How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total?
How many attendances did each team have in 1980 ?
How many attendances did each team have in 1980 ? Could you please order the results by the attendance ?
How many attendances did each team have in 1980 ? Could you please order the results by the attendance ? Which team had the least number of attendances ?
How many attendances did each team have in 1980 ? Could you please order the results by the attendance ? Which team had the least number of attendances ? Which team had the least number of attendances in home games in 1980?
How many parks does each state have ?
How many parks does each state have ? Which states have more than 3 parks ?
How many parks does each state have ? Which states have more than 3 parks ? Which states have more than 2 parks ?
How many parks does each state have ? Which states have more than 3 parks ? Which states have more than 2 parks ? List the names of states that have more than 2 parks.
How many parks does each city have ?
How many parks does each city have ? Which cities have 2 or more parks ?
How many parks does each city have ? Which cities have 2 or more parks ? Which cities have 3 or more parks ?
How many parks does each city have ? Which cities have 2 or more parks ? Which cities have 3 or more parks ? How about those with 2 to 4 parks ?
How many parks does each city have ? Which cities have 2 or more parks ? Which cities have 3 or more parks ? How about those with 2 to 4 parks ? Which cities have 2 to 4 parks?
What is the average enrollment ?
What is the average enrollment ? Which school was founded the earliest ?
What is the average enrollment ? Which school was founded the earliest ? Which school has the largest enrollment ?
What is the average enrollment ? Which school was founded the earliest ? Which school has the largest enrollment ? When was it founded ?
What is the average enrollment ? Which school was founded the earliest ? Which school has the largest enrollment ? When was it founded ? When was the school with the largest enrollment founded?
Which one is the the newest school ?
Which one is the the newest school ? Among the schools , which ones were founded before 1800 ?
Which one is the the newest school ? Among the schools , which ones were founded before 1800 ? Can you list the school names ordered by year founded in decreasing order ?
Which one is the the newest school ? Among the schools , which ones were founded before 1800 ? Can you list the school names ordered by year founded in decreasing order ? Please give the year that the first non public school was founded .
Which one is the the newest school ? Among the schools , which ones were founded before 1800 ? Can you list the school names ordered by year founded in decreasing order ? Please give the year that the first non public school was founded . Find the founded year of the newest non public school.
How many games are there ?
How many games are there ? What is the lowest acc percent among the competitions ?
How many games are there ? What is the lowest acc percent among the competitions ? Can you order the schools by acc percent in descending order ?
How many games are there ? What is the lowest acc percent among the competitions ? Can you order the schools by acc percent in descending order ? What is the highest acc percent socre ?
How many games are there ? What is the lowest acc percent among the competitions ? Can you order the schools by acc percent in descending order ? What is the highest acc percent socre ? What is the highest acc percent score in the competition?
Please give me all the acc percent scores .
Please give me all the acc percent scores . Which school has the lowest acc percent score ?
Please give me all the acc percent scores . Which school has the lowest acc percent score ? What is its primary conference ?
Please give me all the acc percent scores . Which school has the lowest acc percent score ? What is its primary conference ? What is the primary conference of the school that has the lowest acc percent score in the competition?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ? Which one has been founded for the longest time ?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ? Which one has been founded for the longest time ? Please list its team name and acc regular season score
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ? Which one has been founded for the longest time ? Please list its team name and acc regular season score What is the team name and acc regular season score of the school that was founded for the longest time?
Which school has North Carolina as its team name ?
Which school has North Carolina as its team name ? What is its location ?
Which school has North Carolina as its team name ? What is its location ? How about the school that has Clemson as its team name ?
Which school has North Carolina as its team name ? What is its location ? How about the school that has Clemson as its team name ? Please list its location and all games score .
Which school has North Carolina as its team name ? What is its location ? How about the school that has Clemson as its team name ? Please list its location and all games score . Find the location and all games score of the school that has Clemson as its team name.
How many colleges are there ?
How many colleges are there ? Please order them by founding year .
How many colleges are there ? Please order them by founding year . Which one is the oldest ?
How many colleges are there ? Please order them by founding year . Which one is the oldest ? Please list its enrollment and primary_conference .
How many colleges are there ? Please order them by founding year . Which one is the oldest ? Please list its enrollment and primary_conference . Show the enrollment and primary_conference of the oldest college.
What is the average enrollment of all schools ?
What is the average enrollment of all schools ? Could you please order the schools by their enrollment ?
What is the average enrollment of all schools ? Could you please order the schools by their enrollment ? What is the total enrollment of all schools ?
What is the average enrollment of all schools ? Could you please order the schools by their enrollment ? What is the total enrollment of all schools ? Please also list the minimum enrollment .
What is the average enrollment of all schools ? Could you please order the schools by their enrollment ? What is the total enrollment of all schools ? Please also list the minimum enrollment . What is the total and minimum enrollment of all schools?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ? How about the schools that have not participated in a basketball match ?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ? How about the schools that have not participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ?
Which schools have participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ? How about the schools that have not participated in a basketball match ? How many are there ? How many schools do not participate in the basketball match?
How many public schools are there ?
How many public schools are there ? Please list their names .
How many public schools are there ? Please list their names . Please also list the schools that were founded after 1850 .
How many public schools are there ? Please list their names . Please also list the schools that were founded after 1850 . Find the schools that were either founded after 1850 or public.
How many schools are there ?
How many schools are there ? Please list the years they were founded .
How many schools are there ? Please list the years they were founded . Please list their locations .
How many schools are there ? Please list the years they were founded . Please list their locations . how many of them are in NY ?
How many schools are there ? Please list the years they were founded . Please list their locations . how many of them are in NY ? Find how many school locations have the word 'NY'.
What is the average enrollment size ?
What is the average enrollment size ? Which schools have basketball team ?
What is the average enrollment size ? Which schools have basketball team ? Please list the enrollment of these schools .
What is the average enrollment size ? Which schools have basketball team ? Please list the enrollment of these schools . Which of them have enrollments that are smaller than the average enrollment size ?
What is the average enrollment size ? Which schools have basketball team ? Please list the enrollment of these schools . Which of them have enrollments that are smaller than the average enrollment size ? Please list their team names .
What is the average enrollment size ? Which schools have basketball team ? Please list the enrollment of these schools . Which of them have enrollments that are smaller than the average enrollment size ? Please list their team names . Find the team names of the universities whose enrollments are smaller than the average enrollment size.
What are the different affiliation types of these schools ?
What are the different affiliation types of these schools ? Which universities have over a 20000 enrollment size ?
What are the different affiliation types of these schools ? Which universities have over a 20000 enrollment size ? Can you also list their affiliation type ?
What are the different affiliation types of these schools ? Which universities have over a 20000 enrollment size ? Can you also list their affiliation type ? How many are there in each affiliation group ?
What are the different affiliation types of these schools ? Which universities have over a 20000 enrollment size ? Can you also list their affiliation type ? How many are there in each affiliation group ? Find the number of universities that have over a 20000 enrollment size for each affiliation type.
Tell me Wilson 's date of registration .
Tell me Wilson 's date of registration . Tell me the date of his latest logon .
Tell me Wilson 's date of registration . Tell me the date of his latest logon . How about the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name `` Jaskolski '' or `` Langosh '' ?
Tell me Wilson 's date of registration . Tell me the date of his latest logon . How about the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name `` Jaskolski '' or `` Langosh '' ? What are the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name "Jaskolski" or "Langosh"?
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? How many students have personal names that contain the word `` wel '' ?
How many students are there ? How many students have personal names that contain the word `` wel '' ? How many students have personal names that contain the word `` son '' ?
How many students are there ? How many students have personal names that contain the word `` wel '' ? How many students have personal names that contain the word `` son '' ? How many students have personal names that contain the word "son"?
Tell me the number of tests with result `` Pass '' .
Tell me the number of tests with result `` Pass '' . Tell me the number of tests with result `` Fail '' .
Tell me the number of tests with result `` Pass '' . Tell me the number of tests with result `` Fail '' . List each test result and its count in descending order of count .
Tell me the number of tests with result `` Pass '' . Tell me the number of tests with result `` Fail '' . List each test result and its count in descending order of count . List each test result and its count in descending order of count.
Tell me the personal name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` advanced database '' .
Tell me the personal name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` advanced database '' . Tell me the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` advanced database '' .
Tell me the personal name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` advanced database '' . Tell me the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` advanced database '' . Find the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name "advanced database".
Tell me the personal name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` operating system '' .
Tell me the personal name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` operating system '' . How about his address ?
Tell me the personal name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` operating system '' . How about his address ? Tel me the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name `` operating system '' or `` data structure ''
Tell me the personal name of the course author that teaches the course with name `` operating system '' . How about his address ? Tel me the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name `` operating system '' or `` data structure '' Find the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name "operating system" or "data structure".
Tell me the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author that teaches English .
Tell me the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author that teaches English . How about that of course French .
Tell me the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author that teaches English . How about that of course French . Tell me the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author that teaches the most courses .
Tell me the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author that teaches English . How about that of course French . Tell me the personal name , family name , and author ID of the course author that teaches the most courses . Find the personal name, family name, and author ID of the course author that teaches the most courses.
Tell me Julio 's address
Tell me Julio 's address Tell me the number of courses that he teaches .
Tell me Julio 's address Tell me the number of courses that he teaches . Tell me the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses .
Tell me Julio 's address Tell me the number of courses that he teaches . Tell me the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses . Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses.
Tell me Julio 's address .
Tell me Julio 's address . Tell me the number of courses that he teaches .
Tell me Julio 's address . Tell me the number of courses that he teaches . What are they ?
Tell me Julio 's address . Tell me the number of courses that he teaches . What are they ? Find the names of courses taught by the tutor who has personal name "Julio".
Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Arts '' .
Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Arts '' . Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Language '' .
Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Arts '' . Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Language '' . Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Computer Science '' .
Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Arts '' . Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Language '' . Tell me the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named `` Computer Science '' . Find the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named "Computer Science".
Tell me the courses that belong to the subject named `` Computer Science '' .
Tell me the courses that belong to the subject named `` Computer Science '' . Tell me the courses that belong to the subject named `` Arts '' .
Tell me the courses that belong to the subject named `` Computer Science '' . Tell me the courses that belong to the subject named `` Arts '' . Tell me the subject ID , subject name , and the corresponding number of available courses for each subject .
Tell me the courses that belong to the subject named `` Computer Science '' . Tell me the courses that belong to the subject named `` Arts '' . Tell me the subject ID , subject name , and the corresponding number of available courses for each subject . Find the subject ID, subject name, and the corresponding number of available courses for each subject.
Tell me the number of courses that belong to `` Language '' .
Tell me the number of courses that belong to `` Language '' . What are they ?
Tell me the number of courses that belong to `` Language '' . What are they ? Tell me the subject ID , name of subject and the corresponding number of courses for each subject , and sort by the course count in ascending order .
Tell me the number of courses that belong to `` Language '' . What are they ? Tell me the subject ID , name of subject and the corresponding number of courses for each subject , and sort by the course count in ascending order . Find the subject ID, name of subject and the corresponding number of courses for each subject, and sort by the course count in ascending order.
What is the date of completion of the course named `` machine learning '' ?
What is the date of completion of the course named `` machine learning '' ? What is the date of enrollment of that course ?
What is the date of completion of the course named `` machine learning '' ? What is the date of enrollment of that course ? So what is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ?
What is the date of completion of the course named `` machine learning '' ? What is the date of enrollment of that course ? So what is the date of enrollment of the course named `` Spanish '' ? What is the date of enrollment of the course named "Spanish"?
How many students are enrolled in `` English '' ?
How many students are enrolled in `` English '' ? So what is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ?
How many students are enrolled in `` English '' ? So what is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ? How about the course that has the most student enrollment ?
How many students are enrolled in `` English '' ? So what is the name of the course that has the least student enrollment ? How about the course that has the most student enrollment ? What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment?
How many students are enrolled in `` French '' ?
How many students are enrolled in `` French '' ? Okay , how many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ?
How many students are enrolled in `` French '' ? Okay , how many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? So what are the names of the courses that have exactly 1 student enrollment ?
How many students are enrolled in `` French '' ? Okay , how many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? So what are the names of the courses that have exactly 1 student enrollment ? What are the names of the courses that have exactly 1 student enrollment?
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ?
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? Okay . Tell me the names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 5 ?
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? Okay . Tell me the names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 5 ? What are the descriptions and names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 2 ?
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? Okay . Tell me the names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 5 ? What are the descriptions and names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 2 ? What are the descriptions and names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 2?
How many students are there ?
How many students are there ? How many courses are there ?
How many students are there ? How many courses are there ? What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment ?
How many students are there ? How many courses are there ? What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment ? What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment?
What are the dates of all the tests that have the result `` Fail '' ?
What are the dates of all the tests that have the result `` Fail '' ? How about that of all the tests that have the result `` Pass '' ?
What are the dates of all the tests that have the result `` Fail '' ? How about that of all the tests that have the result `` Pass '' ? So what are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have the result `` Pass '' ?
What are the dates of all the tests that have the result `` Fail '' ? How about that of all the tests that have the result `` Pass '' ? So what are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have the result `` Pass '' ? What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result "Pass"?
How many tests have result `` Fail '' ?
How many tests have result `` Fail '' ? What are the dates of those tests ?
How many tests have result `` Fail '' ? What are the dates of those tests ? What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result `` Fail '' ?
How many tests have result `` Fail '' ? What are the dates of those tests ? What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result `` Fail '' ? What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result "Fail"?
Tell me Karson 's registration date .
Tell me Karson 's registration date . When is his enrollment ?
Tell me Karson 's registration date . When is his enrollment ? When is his completion ?
Tell me Karson 's registration date . When is his enrollment ? When is his completion ? List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with personal name "Karson".
Tell me Krystel 's date of registration .
Tell me Krystel 's date of registration . How about her dates of enrollment and completion ?
Tell me Krystel 's date of registration . How about her dates of enrollment and completion ? How about the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name `` Zieme '' and personal name `` Bernie '' ?
Tell me Krystel 's date of registration . How about her dates of enrollment and completion ? How about the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name `` Zieme '' and personal name `` Bernie '' ? List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name "Zieme" and personal name "Bernie".
Tell me how many course enrollments there are ?
Tell me how many course enrollments there are ? Tell me how many there are for the student named Jewel ?
Tell me how many course enrollments there are ? Tell me how many there are for the student named Jewel ? Tell me the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments .
Tell me how many course enrollments there are ? Tell me how many there are for the student named Jewel ? Tell me the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments . Find the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ?
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? Tell me the names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 5 .
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? Tell me the names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 5 . What are the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments ?
How many students are enrolled in `` AI '' ? Tell me the names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 5 . What are the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments ? Find the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments.
Tell me all the enrollment information for the student with personal name `` Else '' .
Tell me all the enrollment information for the student with personal name `` Else '' . How about that for the personal name `` Wilson '' ?
Tell me all the enrollment information for the student with personal name `` Else '' . How about that for the personal name `` Wilson '' ? Tell me the student ID and middle name for all the students with at most two enrollments .
Tell me all the enrollment information for the student with personal name `` Else '' . How about that for the personal name `` Wilson '' ? Tell me the student ID and middle name for all the students with at most two enrollments . Find the student ID and middle name for all the students with at most two enrollments.
Tell me the course description of the course named `` database '' .
Tell me the course description of the course named `` database '' . Tell me the number of students enrolled in this course .
Tell me the course description of the course named `` database '' . Tell me the number of students enrolled in this course . Tell me the personal names of students that not enrolled in any course .
Tell me the course description of the course named `` database '' . Tell me the number of students enrolled in this course . Tell me the personal names of students that not enrolled in any course . Find the personal names of students not enrolled in any course.
Tell me the course description of the course named art history .
Tell me the course description of the course named art history . Tell me the number of students enrolling this course .
Tell me the course description of the course named art history . Tell me the number of students enrolling this course . How many students did not have any course enrollment ?
Tell me the course description of the course named art history . Tell me the number of students enrolling this course . How many students did not have any course enrollment ? How many students did not have any course enrollment?
Tell me Cary 's login name .
Tell me Cary 's login name . How about Autumn 's login name .
Tell me Cary 's login name . How about Autumn 's login name . Tell me the common login name of course authors and students .
Tell me Cary 's login name . How about Autumn 's login name . Tell me the common login name of course authors and students . Find the common login name of course authors and students.
List all the information about the club ranks .
List all the information about the club ranks . What is the average number of gold medals ?
List all the information about the club ranks . What is the average number of gold medals ? What about silver medals ?
List all the information about the club ranks . What is the average number of gold medals ? What about silver medals ? What about the maximum and minimum number of silver medals ?
List all the information about the club ranks . What is the average number of gold medals ? What about silver medals ? What about the maximum and minimum number of silver medals ? What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for clubs.
What are the club names for each player ?
What are the club names for each player ? How many players are there in each club ?
What are the club names for each player ? How many players are there in each club ? Which clubs have players who are the position of `` Right Wing '' .
What are the club names for each player ? How many players are there in each club ? Which clubs have players who are the position of `` Right Wing '' . Show the names of clubs that have players with position "Right Wing".
What are the club names and points for each player ?
What are the club names and points for each player ? What is the average points for all of them ?
What are the club names and points for each player ? What is the average points for all of them ? What about that of the club 'BK Slide ' ?
What are the club names and points for each player ? What is the average points for all of them ? What about that of the club 'BK Slide ' ? What about club 'AIB ' ?
What are the club names and points for each player ? What is the average points for all of them ? What about that of the club 'BK Slide ' ? What about club 'AIB ' ? What is the average points of players from club with name "AIB".
Show all the positions of the players .
Show all the positions of the players . How many unique positions are there ?
Show all the positions of the players . How many unique positions are there ? How many players are there for each of them ?
Show all the positions of the players . How many unique positions are there ? How many players are there for each of them ? What is the average points of all players ?
Show all the positions of the players . How many unique positions are there ? How many players are there for each of them ? What is the average points of all players ? What are the positions of the players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20 ?
Show all the positions of the players . How many unique positions are there ? How many players are there for each of them ? What is the average points of all players ? What are the positions of the players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20 ? List the position of players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20.
How many unique competition types are there ?
How many unique competition types are there ? How many competitions are there for each type ?
How many unique competition types are there ? How many competitions are there for each type ? Among those results , which one is the most common one ?
How many unique competition types are there ? How many competitions are there for each type ? Among those results , which one is the most common one ? List the most common type of competition.
How many unique competition types are there ?
How many unique competition types are there ? How many competitions are there for each type ?
How many unique competition types are there ? How many competitions are there for each type ? What are the top 3 competition types ?
How many unique competition types are there ? How many competitions are there for each type ? What are the top 3 competition types ? What about the ones that have at most five competitions of that type .
How many unique competition types are there ? How many competitions are there for each type ? What are the top 3 competition types ? What about the ones that have at most five competitions of that type . List the types of competition that have at most five competitions of that type.
What are the club names ?
What are the club names ? How many of them have at least one player ?
What are the club names ? How many of them have at least one player ? Which ones have no players at all ?
What are the club names ? How many of them have at least one player ? Which ones have no players at all ? List the names of clubs that do not have any players.
What is the average value of points ?
What is the average value of points ? How many players have points less than 20.0 ?
What is the average value of points ? How many players have points less than 20.0 ? What are the positions of those players ?
What is the average value of points ? How many players have points less than 20.0 ? What are the positions of those players ? What about the positions of those players who have more than 20 points and less than 10 points .
What is the average value of points ? How many players have points less than 20.0 ? What are the positions of those players ? What about the positions of those players who have more than 20 points and less than 10 points . What are the positions with both players having more than 20 points and less than 10 points.
What are the maximum and mean values of the points ?
What are the maximum and mean values of the points ? What are the player names of those who have more points than the average ?
What are the maximum and mean values of the points ? What are the player names of those who have more points than the average ? what are the name of players who get more than the average points.
What are the minimum and mean values of the points ?
What are the minimum and mean values of the points ? What are the player names of those who have fewer points than the average ?
What are the minimum and mean values of the points ? What are the player names of those who have fewer points than the average ? How many are there ?
What are the minimum and mean values of the points ? What are the player names of those who have fewer points than the average ? How many are there ? How many players are there whose points are lower than 30 ?
What are the minimum and mean values of the points ? What are the player names of those who have fewer points than the average ? How many are there ? How many players are there whose points are lower than 30 ? Among those , how many players are there for each position ?
What are the minimum and mean values of the points ? What are the player names of those who have fewer points than the average ? How many are there ? How many players are there whose points are lower than 30 ? Among those , how many players are there for each position ? find the number of players whose points are lower than 30 in each position.
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? What about for the type 'Tournament ' ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? What about for the type 'Tournament ' ? Among those results , how many competitions are there for each country ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? What about for the type 'Tournament ' ? Among those results , how many competitions are there for each country ? Which one is the most popular country ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? What about for the type 'Tournament ' ? Among those results , how many competitions are there for each country ? Which one is the most popular country ? which country did participated in the most number of Tournament competitions?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? Among those results , how many competitions are there for each country ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? Among those results , how many competitions are there for each country ? What about for type 'Tournament ' ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? Among those results , how many competitions are there for each country ? What about for type 'Tournament ' ? Which countries held both types of competitions ?
How many competitions are there where the competition type is 'Friendly ' ? Among those results , how many competitions are there for each country ? What about for type 'Tournament ' ? Which countries held both types of competitions ? which countries did participated in both Friendly and Tournament type competitions.
Which assets have 2 parts ? Show me its id and details .
Which assets have 2 parts ? Show me its id and details . Which assets have less than 2 fault logs ? Show me its id and details .
Which assets have 2 parts ? Show me its id and details . Which assets have less than 2 fault logs ? Show me its id and details . Which assets fulfill both of those conditions ? Show me asset id and details .
Which assets have 2 parts ? Show me its id and details . Which assets have less than 2 fault logs ? Show me its id and details . Which assets fulfill both of those conditions ? Show me asset id and details . Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs? List the asset id and detail.
Show me assets each maintenance contract contains .
Show me assets each maintenance contract contains . Show me the number of assets and contract id .
Show me assets each maintenance contract contains . Show me the number of assets and contract id . How many assets does each maintenance contract contain? List the number and the contract id.
Show me assets supplied by each third party company .
Show me assets supplied by each third party company . How many are there for each third party company ? Show me the company id as well .
Show me assets supplied by each third party company . How many are there for each third party company ? Show me the company id as well . How many assets does each third party company supply? List the count and the company id.
Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers ? List the id and name of that company .
Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers ? List the id and name of that company . Show me names and ids of third party companies that have at least 2 maintenance contracts as well , along with the previous result .
Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers ? List the id and name of that company . Show me names and ids of third party companies that have at least 2 maintenance contracts as well , along with the previous result . Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers or have at least 2 maintenance contracts? List the company id and name.
What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log ?
What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log ? Among those staff members , only show the name and id of staff who has not contacted any visiting engineers .
What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log ? Among those staff members , only show the name and id of staff who has not contacted any visiting engineers . What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log but has not contacted any visiting engineers?
Which engineer has visited the least number of times ? Show the id , first and last names of that engineer .
Which engineer has visited the least number of times ? Show the id , first and last names of that engineer . Do the same for the engineer who has visited the most times .
Which engineer has visited the least number of times ? Show the id , first and last names of that engineer . Do the same for the engineer who has visited the most times . Which engineer has visited the most times? Show the engineer id, first name and last name.
Which parts have less than 2 faults ? Show the id and name of that part .
Which parts have less than 2 faults ? Show the id and name of that part . Do the same for parts with more than 2 faults .
Which parts have less than 2 faults ? Show the id and name of that part . Do the same for parts with more than 2 faults . Which parts have more than 2 faults? Show the part name and id.
List all engineers ' first and last names .
List all engineers ' first and last names . List the details of each engineer and corresponding skill descriptions as well , along with the names .
List all engineers ' first and last names . List the details of each engineer and corresponding skill descriptions as well , along with the names . List all every engineer's first name, last name, details and coresponding skill description.
Show me all faults of different parts .
Show me all faults of different parts . Give me descriptions of skills required to fix those faults , along with the names of those faults .
Show me all faults of different parts . Give me descriptions of skills required to fix those faults , along with the names of those faults . For all the faults of different parts, what are all the decriptions of the skills required to fix them? List the name of the faults and the skill description.
Show me all assets each part can be used in . List the part name and the asset details .
Show me all assets each part can be used in . List the part name and the asset details . How many assets can each part be used in ? Show me the count and the part name .
Show me all assets each part can be used in . List the part name and the asset details . How many assets can each part be used in ? Show me the count and the part name . How many assets can each parts be used in? List the part name and the number.
What is the lowest number of engineer visits for a single fault log ? List the number and log entry id .
What is the lowest number of engineer visits for a single fault log ? List the number and log entry id . Do the same for the highest number of engineer visits for a single fault log ?
What is the lowest number of engineer visits for a single fault log ? List the number and log entry id . Do the same for the highest number of engineer visits for a single fault log ? How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log? List the number and the log entry id.
How many engineers have never visited to maintain the assets ?
How many engineers have never visited to maintain the assets ? Show me their first and last names .
How many engineers have never visited to maintain the assets ? Show me their first and last names . Which engineers have never visited to maintain the assets? List the engineer first name and last name.
When was the latest date that an asset was acquired ?
When was the latest date that an asset was acquired ? How about the oldest date ?
When was the latest date that an asset was acquired ? How about the oldest date ? When was the first asset acquired?
Show me the id and name of a fault that needs the least number of skills to be fixed .
Show me the id and name of a fault that needs the least number of skills to be fixed . How about the fault that requires the most number of skills to fix ?
Show me the id and name of a fault that needs the least number of skills to be fixed . How about the fault that requires the most number of skills to fix ? Which part fault requires the most number of skills to fix? List part id and name.
Show me the name of each part with the number of faults it has .
Show me the name of each part with the number of faults it has . Show me the name of part with the least number of faults .
Show me the name of each part with the number of faults it has . Show me the name of part with the least number of faults . Which kind of part has the least number of faults? List the part name.
Show me all the engineers .
Show me all the engineers . Show me id , first and last names of engineers who have visited .
Show me all the engineers . Show me id , first and last names of engineers who have visited . Among those , which one made the least number of visits .
Show me all the engineers . Show me id , first and last names of engineers who have visited . Among those , which one made the least number of visits . Among those engineers who have visited, which engineer makes the least number of visits? List the engineer id, first name and last name.
Show me names of all the staff members .
Show me names of all the staff members . List the first and last names of engineers each staff member has contacted .
Show me names of all the staff members . List the first and last names of engineers each staff member has contacted . Which staff have contacted which engineers? List the staff name and the engineer first name and last name.
Which fault log included the least number of faulty parts ? List the id , description , and record time of that fault log .
Which fault log included the least number of faulty parts ? List the id , description , and record time of that fault log . Show the same for the fault log with most number of faulty parts .
Which fault log included the least number of faulty parts ? List the id , description , and record time of that fault log . Show the same for the fault log with most number of faulty parts . Which fault log included the most number of faulty parts? List the fault log id, description and record time.
Show me id and descriptions of all the skills .
Show me id and descriptions of all the skills . For each of those skills , show the number of faults each skill is used to fix .
Show me id and descriptions of all the skills . For each of those skills , show the number of faults each skill is used to fix . Which skill is used to fix the most number of faults ?
Show me id and descriptions of all the skills . For each of those skills , show the number of faults each skill is used to fix . Which skill is used to fix the most number of faults ? Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults? List the skill id and description.
Show chargeable amount for every part .
Show chargeable amount for every part . Order them by chargeable amount in ascending order .
Show chargeable amount for every part . Order them by chargeable amount in ascending order . Show me the id and chargeable amount of the part with the least chargeable amount .
Show chargeable amount for every part . Order them by chargeable amount in ascending order . Show me the id and chargeable amount of the part with the least chargeable amount . Which part has the least chargeable amount? List the part id and amount.
Show me the names of companies that started the five earliest maintenance contracts .
Show me the names of companies that started the five earliest maintenance contracts . Show me the same for the earliest one .
Show me the names of companies that started the five earliest maintenance contracts . Show me the same for the earliest one . Which company started the earliest the maintenance contract? Show the company name.
List gender of each staff .
List gender of each staff . Which gender do most staff members have ?
List gender of each staff . Which gender do most staff members have ? Which gender makes up the majority of the staff?
Show me engineers each staff has contacted . List the names of contact staff and engineers .
Show me engineers each staff has contacted . List the names of contact staff and engineers . How many engineers did each staff contact ? List the count instead of the names of engineers .
Show me engineers each staff has contacted . List the names of contact staff and engineers . How many engineers did each staff contact ? List the count instead of the names of engineers . How many engineers did each staff contact? List both the contact staff name and number of engineers contacted.
Show me all about stations .
Show me all about stations . What are the network names ?
Show me all about stations . What are the network names ? How about the local authorities and services provided by all stations .
Show me all about stations . What are the network names ? How about the local authorities and services provided by all stations . list the local authorities and services provided by all stations.
Show me the origin of all trains ordered by time early to late .
Show me the origin of all trains ordered by time early to late . Now show me the train_number for all trains ordered by time early to late .
Show me the origin of all trains ordered by time early to late . Now show me the train_number for all trains ordered by time early to late . Also provide the train_name for each of the result above .
Show me the origin of all trains ordered by time early to late . Now show me the train_number for all trains ordered by time early to late . Also provide the train_name for each of the result above . show all train numbers and names ordered by their time from early to late.
What 's time for trains going to Mumbai ?
What 's time for trains going to Mumbai ? How about the time and train number for trains going to Chennai ?
What 's time for trains going to Mumbai ? How about the time and train number for trains going to Chennai ? Order the result by time .
What 's time for trains going to Mumbai ? How about the time and train number for trains going to Chennai ? Order the result by time . Give me the times and numbers of all trains that go to Chennai, ordered by time.
Show me the train names .
Show me the train names . How many distinct names are there ?
Show me the train names . How many distinct names are there ? How many trains have 'Express ' in their names ?
Show me the train names . How many distinct names are there ? How many trains have 'Express ' in their names ? How many trains have 'Express' in their names?
How many trains are going from Chennai to Guruvayur ?
How many trains are going from Chennai to Guruvayur ? What times are they each going ?
How many trains are going from Chennai to Guruvayur ? What times are they each going ? Find both train number and time .
How many trains are going from Chennai to Guruvayur ? What times are they each going ? Find both train number and time . Find the number and time of the train that goes from Chennai to Guruvayur.
What are the origins of all trains ?
What are the origins of all trains ? Which origin has the most number of trains ?
What are the origins of all trains ? Which origin has the most number of trains ? Find the number of trains starting from each origin .
What are the origins of all trains ? Which origin has the most number of trains ? Find the number of trains starting from each origin . Find the number of trains starting from each origin.
Show me the station names .
Show me the station names . How about the name of trains and the number of stations each runs through ?
Show me the station names . How about the name of trains and the number of stations each runs through ? Of these , return the name with the greatest number of stations .
Show me the station names . How about the name of trains and the number of stations each runs through ? Of these , return the name with the greatest number of stations . Find the name of the train whose route runs through greatest number of stations.
Can you list the services for each station ?
Can you list the services for each station ? Can you also show the the number of trains for each station ?
Can you list the services for each station ? Can you also show the the number of trains for each station ? Also include the the station network name .
Can you list the services for each station ? Can you also show the the number of trains for each station ? Also include the the station network name . Find the number of trains for each station, as well as the station network name and services.
What 's the average low temperature of Monday ?
What 's the average low temperature of Monday ? How about its average high temperature ?
What 's the average low temperature of Monday ? How about its average high temperature ? Show me the average high temperature for each day of week ?
What 's the average low temperature of Monday ? How about its average high temperature ? Show me the average high temperature for each day of week ? What is the average high temperature for each day of week?
Show me the all about weather for all stations .
Show me the all about weather for all stations . What 's the maximum low temperature and average precipitation for Bushey station ?
Show me the all about weather for all stations . What 's the maximum low temperature and average precipitation for Bushey station ? How about for the Amersham station ?
Show me the all about weather for all stations . What 's the maximum low temperature and average precipitation for Bushey station ? How about for the Amersham station ? Give me the maximum low temperature and average precipitation at the Amersham station.
Show me the names of trains that run through a station serviced by Greater Anglia .
Show me the names of trains that run through a station serviced by Greater Anglia . How about stations for local authority Chiltern ?
Show me the names of trains that run through a station serviced by Greater Anglia . How about stations for local authority Chiltern ? For these , also provide the times of each train .
Show me the names of trains that run through a station serviced by Greater Anglia . How about stations for local authority Chiltern ? For these , also provide the times of each train . Find names and times of trains that run through stations for the local authority Chiltern.
Show me the services provided by all stations .
Show me the services provided by all stations . How about the number of services ?
Show me the services provided by all stations . How about the number of services ? How many distinct ones are there ?
Show me the services provided by all stations . How about the number of services ? How many distinct ones are there ? How many different services are provided by all stations?
What 's the high temperature of each station ?
What 's the high temperature of each station ? What 's the id of the station with highest average high temperature ?
What 's the high temperature of each station ? What 's the id of the station with highest average high temperature ? Also show me the local authority of this station .
What 's the high temperature of each station ? What 's the id of the station with highest average high temperature ? Also show me the local authority of this station . Find the id and local authority of the station with has the highest average high temperature.
List the minimum precipitation of each station .
List the minimum precipitation of each station . How about the max precipitation ? Show station id as well .
List the minimum precipitation of each station . How about the max precipitation ? Show station id as well . Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 .
List the minimum precipitation of each station . How about the max precipitation ? Show station id as well . Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50 . Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50.
What 's average low_temperature per week ?
What 's average low_temperature per week ? How about the average wind speed per week in miles per hour ?
What 's average low_temperature per week ? How about the average wind speed per week in miles per hour ? Show the weekly lowest low temperature and weekly highest wind speed in miles per hour .
What 's average low_temperature per week ? How about the average wind speed per week in miles per hour ? Show the weekly lowest low temperature and weekly highest wind speed in miles per hour . show the lowest low temperature and highest wind speed in miles per hour.
Show information for all book clubs .
Show information for all book clubs . How many of them ?
Show information for all book clubs . How many of them ? How many book clubs are there?
Show the title for all books .
Show the title for all books . Also show the authors or editors for each of them .
Show the title for all books . Also show the authors or editors for each of them . How about the results for those published after the year 1989 ?
Show the title for all books . Also show the authors or editors for each of them . How about the results for those published after the year 1989 ? show the titles, and authors or editors for all books made after the year 1989.
Show information for all books .
Show information for all books . What are the distinct publishers for them ?
Show information for all books . What are the distinct publishers for them ? Show all distinct publishers for books.
Show the titles of all books .
Show the titles of all books . Also show the year published and the publisher .
Show the titles of all books . Also show the year published and the publisher . Order the results in descending order by year .
Show the titles of all books . Also show the year published and the publisher . Order the results in descending order by year . Show the years, book titles, and publishers for all books, in descending order by year.
Show the publisher for all books .
Show the publisher for all books . Count the number of books published by each of them .
Show the publisher for all books . Count the number of books published by each of them . Show all publishers and the number of books for each publisher.
Show the publisher for all books .
Show the publisher for all books . For each of them , how many books are published ?
Show the publisher for all books . For each of them , how many books are published ? Can you order them by the count in descending order ?
Show the publisher for all books . For each of them , how many books are published ? Can you order them by the count in descending order ? Which one has the most ?
Show the publisher for all books . For each of them , how many books are published ? Can you order them by the count in descending order ? Which one has the most ? What is the publisher with most number of books?
How many books are there in total ?
How many books are there in total ? Can you break down the count by the book category ?
How many books are there in total ? Can you break down the count by the book category ? Show all book categories and the number of books in each category.
Show all categories for books .
Show all categories for books . For each of them , count the number of books published after 1989 .
Show all categories for books . For each of them , count the number of books published after 1989 . Which categories have at least two such books ?
Show all categories for books . For each of them , count the number of books published after 1989 . Which categories have at least two such books ? List categories that have at least two books after year 1989.
Show the publisher for all books .
Show the publisher for all books . Who published a book in 1989 ?
Show the publisher for all books . Who published a book in 1989 ? Among those , who also published a book in 1990 ?
Show the publisher for all books . Who published a book in 1989 ? Among those , who also published a book in 1990 ? Show publishers with a book published in 1989 and a book in 1990.
Show publishers that published a book in 1989 .
Show publishers that published a book in 1989 . Show all publishers who do not have such a book .
Show publishers that published a book in 1989 . Show all publishers who do not have such a book . Show all publishers which do not have a book in 1989.
Show the title and year for all movies .
Show the title and year for all movies . Also show the director for each of them .
Show the title and year for all movies . Also show the director for each of them . Order the results by their budgets .
Show the title and year for all movies . Also show the director for each of them . Order the results by their budgets . Show all movie titles, years, and directors, ordered by budget.
Show the director for all movies .
Show the director for all movies . How many are there ?
Show the director for all movies . How many are there ? How many movie directors are there?
Show the title and director for all movies .
Show the title and director for all movies . Only show the results for those in the year 2000 or before .
Show the title and director for all movies . Only show the results for those in the year 2000 or before . Order the results by the worldwide gross in descending order .
Show the title and director for all movies . Only show the results for those in the year 2000 or before . Order the results by the worldwide gross in descending order . Which one has the highest ?
Show the title and director for all movies . Only show the results for those in the year 2000 or before . Order the results by the worldwide gross in descending order . Which one has the highest ? What is the title and director for the movie with highest worldwide gross in the year 2000 or before?
Show all director names .
Show all director names . Who has a movie in 1999 ?
Show all director names . Who has a movie in 1999 ? Who has a movie in 2000 ?
Show all director names . Who has a movie in 1999 ? Who has a movie in 2000 ? Who has movies in both years ?
Show all director names . Who has a movie in 1999 ? Who has a movie in 2000 ? Who has movies in both years ? Show all director names who have a movie in both year 1999 and 2000.
Show all director names .
Show all director names . Among them , who has a movie in 1999 ?
Show all director names . Among them , who has a movie in 1999 ? Also show those who have a movie in 2000 .
Show all director names . Among them , who has a movie in 1999 ? Also show those who have a movie in 2000 . Show all director names who have a movie in the year 1999 or 2000.
Show the budget for all movies .
Show the budget for all movies . What about the budget for those before 2000 ?
Show the budget for all movies . What about the budget for those before 2000 ? Show their average , maximum , and minimum budget .
Show the budget for all movies . What about the budget for those before 2000 ? Show their average , maximum , and minimum budget . What is the average, maximum, and minimum budget for all movies before 2000.
Show all company names .
Show all company names . Only show the companies with a book .
Show all company names . Only show the companies with a book . What about the companies with a book published by Alyson ?
Show all company names . Only show the companies with a book . What about the companies with a book published by Alyson ? List all company names with a book published by Alyson.
Show all movie titles .
Show all movie titles . Show all movie titles for all companies in China .
Show all movie titles . Show all movie titles for all companies in China . For those companies , also show all the book titles .
Show all movie titles . Show all movie titles for all companies in China . For those companies , also show all the book titles . Show the movie titles and book titles for all companies in China.
Find all female architects .
Find all female architects . How many are there ?
Find all female architects . How many are there ? How many architects are female?
Return all the male architects .
Return all the male architects . What are their names , nationalities and ids ?
Return all the male architects . What are their names , nationalities and ids ? Sort them by name .
Return all the male architects . What are their names , nationalities and ids ? Sort them by name . List the name, nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically.
What is the length in meters of each bridge ?
What is the length in meters of each bridge ? Find the maximum length .
What is the length in meters of each bridge ? Find the maximum length . Show the maximum length in meters of the bridges and the name of the architect that made it .
What is the length in meters of each bridge ? Find the maximum length . Show the maximum length in meters of the bridges and the name of the architect that made it . What is the maximum length in meters for the bridges and what are the architects' names?
What is the length in feet of each bridge ?
What is the length in feet of each bridge ? Find the average length .
What is the length in feet of each bridge ? Find the average length . What is the average length in feet of the bridges?
What are the names of all the mills ?
What are the names of all the mills ? What are the names of all the mills of 'Grondzeiler ' type ?
What are the names of all the mills ? What are the names of all the mills of 'Grondzeiler ' type ? Also show the years that they were built .
What are the names of all the mills ? What are the names of all the mills of 'Grondzeiler ' type ? Also show the years that they were built . What are the names and year of construction for the mills of 'Grondzeiler' type?
What are the ids of the architects who built a mill ?
What are the ids of the architects who built a mill ? What are all their distinct names and nationalities ?
What are the ids of the architects who built a mill ? What are all their distinct names and nationalities ? What are the distinct names and nationalities of the architects who have ever built a mill?
Show the information for all mills .
Show the information for all mills . Which mills are not located in 'Donceel ' ?
Show the information for all mills . Which mills are not located in 'Donceel ' ? What are their names ?
Show the information for all mills . Which mills are not located in 'Donceel ' ? What are their names ? What are the names of the mills which are not located in 'Donceel'?
Which architects have nationality 'American ' or 'Canadian ' ?
Which architects have nationality 'American ' or 'Canadian ' ? Find all mills that are built by these architects .
Which architects have nationality 'American ' or 'Canadian ' ? Find all mills that are built by these architects . What are the distinct types of these mills ?
Which architects have nationality 'American ' or 'Canadian ' ? Find all mills that are built by these architects . What are the distinct types of these mills ? What are the distinct types of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects?
Find the id of the architect who built each bridge .
Find the id of the architect who built each bridge . How many bridges did each one build ?
Find the id of the architect who built each bridge . How many bridges did each one build ? What are the ids and names of those who built at least 3 bridges ?
Find the id of the architect who built each bridge . How many bridges did each one build ? What are the ids and names of those who built at least 3 bridges ? What are the ids and names of the architects who built at least 3 bridges ?
How many mills did each architect build ?
How many mills did each architect build ? Which architect built the most ?
How many mills did each architect build ? Which architect built the most ? What are the id , name and nationality of this architect ?
How many mills did each architect build ? Which architect built the most ? What are the id , name and nationality of this architect ? What is the id, name and nationality of the architect who built most mills?
How many bridges did each architect build ?
How many bridges did each architect build ? What are the ids , names and genders of the architects who built two bridges ?
How many bridges did each architect build ? What are the ids , names and genders of the architects who built two bridges ? How about for the architects who built two bridges or one mill ?
How many bridges did each architect build ? What are the ids , names and genders of the architects who built two bridges ? How about for the architects who built two bridges or one mill ? What are the ids, names and genders of the architects who built two bridges or one mill?
Show the location of each bridge .
Show the location of each bridge . What is it for the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' ?
Show the location of each bridge . What is it for the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' ? How about for the bridges named either 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ?
Show the location of each bridge . What is it for the bridge named 'Kolob Arch ' ? How about for the bridges named either 'Kolob Arch ' or 'Rainbow Bridge ' ? What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch' or 'Rainbow Bridge'?
What are the names of mills ?
What are the names of mills ? Which ones contain the french word 'Moulin ' ?
What are the names of mills ? Which ones contain the french word 'Moulin ' ? Which of the mill names contains the french word 'Moulin'?
Which bridges have a length above 80 meters ?
Which bridges have a length above 80 meters ? Show all the architects that have built each of these bridges .
Which bridges have a length above 80 meters ? Show all the architects that have built each of these bridges . What are the distinct name of the mills built by these architects ?
Which bridges have a length above 80 meters ? Show all the architects that have built each of these bridges . What are the distinct name of the mills built by these architects ? What are the distinct name of the mills built by the architects who have also built a bridge longer than 80 meters?
Count the number of mill types .
Count the number of mill types . What is the most common mill type ?
Count the number of mill types . What is the most common mill type ? Also provide the number of mills of this type .
Count the number of mill types . What is the most common mill type ? Also provide the number of mills of this type . What is the most common mill type, and how many are there?
Find all mills that were built before year 1850 .
Find all mills that were built before year 1850 . What are the ids of the architects who built a mill before year 1850 ?
Find all mills that were built before year 1850 . What are the ids of the architects who built a mill before year 1850 ? How many other architects are there ?
Find all mills that were built before year 1850 . What are the ids of the architects who built a mill before year 1850 ? How many other architects are there ? How many architects haven't built a mill before year 1850?
What is the maximum enrollment of all schools ?
What is the maximum enrollment of all schools ? What is the total enrollment of these schools ?
What is the maximum enrollment of all schools ? What is the total enrollment of these schools ? Please also show the average enrollment .
What is the maximum enrollment of all schools ? What is the total enrollment of these schools ? Please also show the average enrollment . What are the total and average enrollment of all schools?
How many different mascots are there ?
How many different mascots are there ? What are they ?
How many different mascots are there ? What are they ? Which of them are from schools with enrollments above the average ?
How many different mascots are there ? What are they ? Which of them are from schools with enrollments above the average ? What are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average?
What school has the largest enrollment ?
What school has the largest enrollment ? What is its mascot ?
What school has the largest enrollment ? What is its mascot ? What school has the smallest enrollment ?
What school has the largest enrollment ? What is its mascot ? What school has the smallest enrollment ? List the name of the school with the smallest enrollment.
What are the 3 largest enrollments of all schools ?
What are the 3 largest enrollments of all schools ? What is the largest enrollment ?
What are the 3 largest enrollments of all schools ? What is the largest enrollment ? Please also show the average and minimum enrollment
What are the 3 largest enrollments of all schools ? What is the largest enrollment ? Please also show the average and minimum enrollment Show the average, maximum, minimum enrollment of all schools.
How many different counties are there ?
How many different counties are there ? How many schools are there in each county ?
How many different counties are there ? How many schools are there in each county ? Please also show the total enrollment in each county .
How many different counties are there ? How many schools are there in each county ? Please also show the total enrollment in each county . Show each county along with the number of schools and total enrollment in each county.
What is the location of the school named `` Glenn '' ?
What is the location of the school named `` Glenn '' ? What is the largest endowment amount for this school ?
What is the location of the school named `` Glenn '' ? What is the largest endowment amount for this school ? How many donors have contributed to the endowment for this school ?
What is the location of the school named `` Glenn '' ? What is the largest endowment amount for this school ? How many donors have contributed to the endowment for this school ? How many donors have endowment for school named "Glenn"?
How many donators are there ?
How many donators are there ? What is the amount of endowment given by each donoator ?
How many donators are there ? What is the amount of endowment given by each donoator ? Please order them by the amount of endowment .
How many donators are there ? What is the amount of endowment given by each donoator ? Please order them by the amount of endowment . List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endowment.
How many schools have an endowment ?
How many schools have an endowment ? How many schools do not have an endowment ?
How many schools have an endowment ? How many schools do not have an endowment ? List the names of these schools .
How many schools have an endowment ? How many schools do not have an endowment ? List the names of these schools . List the names of the schools without any endowment.
What is the average endowment amount ?
What is the average endowment amount ? What is the minimum endowment amount ?
What is the average endowment amount ? What is the minimum endowment amount ? How many endowments are there that have an amount smaller than or equal to 10 ?
What is the average endowment amount ? What is the minimum endowment amount ? How many endowments are there that have an amount smaller than or equal to 10 ? List all the names of schools with this kind of endowment .
What is the average endowment amount ? What is the minimum endowment amount ? How many endowments are there that have an amount smaller than or equal to 10 ? List all the names of schools with this kind of endowment . List all the names of schools with an endowment amount smaller than or equal to 10.
Who has donated to `` Glenn '' ?
Who has donated to `` Glenn '' ? Who has donated to `` Triton '' ?
Who has donated to `` Glenn '' ? Who has donated to `` Triton '' ? Who has donated to both schools ?
Who has donated to `` Glenn '' ? Who has donated to `` Triton '' ? Who has donated to both schools ? Show the names of donors who donated to both school "Glenn" and "Triton"
How many donors are there ?
How many donors are there ? How many donors are there that gave a donation amount less than 9 ?
How many donors are there ? How many donors are there that gave a donation amount less than 9 ? Show the names of all the donors except these donors .
How many donors are there ? How many donors are there that gave a donation amount less than 9 ? Show the names of all the donors except these donors . Show the names of all the donors except those whose donation amount less than 9.
How many endowments are there ?
How many endowments are there ? What is the largest endowment amount ?
How many endowments are there ? What is the largest endowment amount ? Please also show the donor name .
How many endowments are there ? What is the largest endowment amount ? Please also show the donor name . List the amount and donor name for the largest amount of donation.
What is the average budget ?
What is the average budget ? How many budgets are above 2000 ?
What is the average budget ? How many budgets are above 2000 ? How about the number of budgets that are above 3000 ?
What is the average budget ? How many budgets are above 2000 ? How about the number of budgets that are above 3000 ? Which of them are in year 2001 or before ?
What is the average budget ? How many budgets are above 2000 ? How about the number of budgets that are above 3000 ? Which of them are in year 2001 or before ? How many budgets are above 3000 in year 2001 or before?
How many schools have a budget ?
How many schools have a budget ? How about the number in year 2002 or after ?
How many schools have a budget ? How about the number in year 2002 or after ? Please show school name , its budgeted amount , and invested amount
How many schools have a budget ? How about the number in year 2002 or after ? Please show school name , its budgeted amount , and invested amount Show each school name, its budgeted amount, and invested amount in year 2002 or after.
What is the mascot of the school 'Glenn ' ?
What is the mascot of the school 'Glenn ' ? Please show the budget record of school 'Glenn ' .
What is the mascot of the school 'Glenn ' ? Please show the budget record of school 'Glenn ' . What is total budget amount for this school ?
What is the mascot of the school 'Glenn ' ? Please show the budget record of school 'Glenn ' . What is total budget amount for this school ? What is the total budget amount for school "Glenn" in all years?
How many schools are there
How many schools are there How many schools are there that have a total budget amount greater than 100 ?
How many schools are there How many schools are there that have a total budget amount greater than 100 ? How many schools are there have a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10 ?
How many schools are there How many schools are there that have a total budget amount greater than 100 ? How many schools are there have a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10 ? Show the names of these schools .
How many schools are there How many schools are there that have a total budget amount greater than 100 ? How many schools are there have a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10 ? Show the names of these schools . Show the names of schools with a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10.
What is the average donation amount ?
What is the average donation amount ? How many donators does each school have ?
What is the average donation amount ? How many donators does each school have ? Which schools have more than one donator ?
What is the average donation amount ? How many donators does each school have ? Which schools have more than one donator ? Among these schools , which schools have one donator with a donation amount above 8.5 ?
What is the average donation amount ? How many donators does each school have ? Which schools have more than one donator ? Among these schools , which schools have one donator with a donation amount above 8.5 ? Find the names of schools that have more than one donator with donation amount above 8.5.
How many schools are there ?
How many schools are there ? How many donations are there that are less than 8.5 ?
How many schools are there ? How many donations are there that are less than 8.5 ? How many schools have more than one donator ?
How many schools are there ? How many donations are there that are less than 8.5 ? How many schools have more than one donator ? Among these schools , how many of them have more than one donator whose donation amount is less than 8.5 ?
How many schools are there ? How many donations are there that are less than 8.5 ? How many schools have more than one donator ? Among these schools , how many of them have more than one donator whose donation amount is less than 8.5 ? Find the number of schools that have more than one donator whose donation amount is less than 8.5.
What countries are there in the market ?
What countries are there in the market ? What about their number of cities ?
What countries are there in the market ? What about their number of cities ? Among those , show me the maximum and minimum .
What countries are there in the market ? What about their number of cities ? Among those , show me the maximum and minimum . What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets.
How many film market estimations are there in record ?
How many film market estimations are there in record ? Show me the ones in the year of 1995 .
How many film market estimations are there in record ? Show me the ones in the year of 1995 . Give me the distinct directors of films in those estimations .
How many film market estimations are there in record ? Show me the ones in the year of 1995 . Give me the distinct directors of films in those estimations . Show the distinct director of films with market estimation in the year of 1995.
Show me all different market ids in any film market estimation .
Show me all different market ids in any film market estimation . Show me those with a low estimate above 10000 .
Show me all different market ids in any film market estimation . Show me those with a low estimate above 10000 . What is the average number of cities of them ?
Show me all different market ids in any film market estimation . Show me those with a low estimate above 10000 . What is the average number of cities of them ? What is the average number of cities of markets with low film market estimate bigger than 10000?
How many film market estimations are there ?
How many film market estimations are there ? Show me the year eash estimation was made .
How many film market estimations are there ? Show me the year eash estimation was made . What about those in the market Japan ?
How many film market estimations are there ? Show me the year eash estimation was made . What about those in the market Japan ? List them in descending order .
How many film market estimations are there ? Show me the year eash estimation was made . What about those in the market Japan ? List them in descending order . Please list the years of film market estimations when the market is in country "Japan" in descending order.
How many films are there ?
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record .
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record . How many films does each of them have ?
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record . How many films does each of them have ? Show me the name of the studio that have the most .
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record . How many films does each of them have ? Show me the name of the studio that have the most . List the name of film studio that have the most number of films.
How many films are there ?
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record .
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record . How many films does each of them have ?
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record . How many films does each of them have ? Show me the name of the studios that have at least two .
How many films are there ? Show me all film studios in record . How many films does each of them have ? Show me the name of the studios that have at least two . List the names of studios that have at least two films.
How many film market estimations are there ?
How many film market estimations are there ? Show me the id of films that are in one of those estimations .
How many film market estimations are there ? Show me the id of films that are in one of those estimations . Show me the title of films that are not one of those .
How many film market estimations are there ? Show me the id of films that are in one of those estimations . Show me the title of films that are not one of those . List the title of films that do not have any market estimation.
Show me all film studios in record .
Show me all film studios in record . Show me all the directors in record .
Show me all film studios in record . Show me all the directors in record . Which studios have produced films with Nicholas Mayer ?
Show me all film studios in record . Show me all the directors in record . Which studios have produced films with Nicholas Mayer ? Among those studios , which of them also have films with Walter Hill ?
Show me all film studios in record . Show me all the directors in record . Which studios have produced films with Nicholas Mayer ? Among those studios , which of them also have films with Walter Hill ? Show the studios that have produced films with director "Nicholas Meyer" and "Walter Hill".
Show me all film studios in record .
Show me all film studios in record . Which ones contain the word `` Universal '' ?
Show me all film studios in record . Which ones contain the word `` Universal '' ? Show me the titles of their films along with their name .
Show me all film studios in record . Which ones contain the word `` Universal '' ? Show me the titles of their films along with their name . Find the titles and studios of the films that are produced by some film studios that contained the word "Universal".
Show me the name of all directors .
Show me the name of all directors . Which studios did Walter Hill work with ?
Show me the name of all directors . Which studios did Walter Hill work with ? Show me studios that are not among them .
Show me the name of all directors . Which studios did Walter Hill work with ? Show me studios that are not among them . Show the studios that have not produced films with director "Walter Hill".
Show me all film studios in record .
Show me all film studios in record . What are the maximum gross for their films ?
Show me all film studios in record . What are the maximum gross for their films ? What about the average ?
Show me all film studios in record . What are the maximum gross for their films ? What about the average ? Show me the name of studios that have average above 4500000 .
Show me all film studios in record . What are the maximum gross for their films ? What about the average ? Show me the name of studios that have average above 4500000 . List the studios which average gross is above 4500000.
Show me the title of all films that have market estimation .
Show me the title of all films that have market estimation . What are their high market estimations ?
Show me the title of all films that have market estimation . What are their high market estimations ? Show me the film that is the highest of them .
Show me the title of all films that have market estimation . What are their high market estimations ? Show me the film that is the highest of them . What is the title of the film that has the highest high market estimation.
What are all the parties ?
What are all the parties ? How many are there ?
What are all the parties ? How many are there ? How many parties are there?
What are all the parties ?
What are all the parties ? Order them by the number of hosts .
What are all the parties ? Order them by the number of hosts . Only show the Party_Theme in that order .
What are all the parties ? Order them by the number of hosts . Only show the Party_Theme in that order . List the themes of parties in ascending order of number of hosts.
What are all the parties ?
What are all the parties ? what are their themes and locations ?
What are all the parties ? what are their themes and locations ? What are the themes and locations of parties?
What are all the parties ?
What are all the parties ? What about those with theme `` Spring '' or `` Teqnology '' ?
What are all the parties ? What about those with theme `` Spring '' or `` Teqnology '' ? Show their first year and last year .
What are all the parties ? What about those with theme `` Spring '' or `` Teqnology '' ? Show their first year and last year . Show the first year and last year of parties with theme "Spring" or "Teqnology".
What are all the parties ?
What are all the parties ? What are their number of hosts ?
What are all the parties ? What are their number of hosts ? Show the average of them .
What are all the parties ? What are their number of hosts ? Show the average of them . What is the average number of hosts for parties?
What are all the parties ?
What are all the parties ? Order them by the number of hosts .
What are all the parties ? Order them by the number of hosts . Show the location of the top one .
What are all the parties ? Order them by the number of hosts . Show the location of the top one . What is the location of the party with the most hosts?
Who are all the hosts ?
Who are all the hosts ? What are the different nationalities among them ?
Who are all the hosts ? What are the different nationalities among them ? Please also show the number of hosts along with each nationality .
Who are all the hosts ? What are the different nationalities among them ? Please also show the number of hosts along with each nationality . Show different nationalities along with the number of hosts of each nationality.
Who are all the hosts ?
Who are all the hosts ? What are the different nationalities among them ?
Who are all the hosts ? What are the different nationalities among them ? Order them by the number of host in each nationality .
Who are all the hosts ? What are the different nationalities among them ? Order them by the number of host in each nationality . Show the top one .
Who are all the hosts ? What are the different nationalities among them ? Order them by the number of host in each nationality . Show the top one . Show the most common nationality of hosts.
Who are all the hosts ?
Who are all the hosts ? Show hosts who are older than 45 .
Who are all the hosts ? Show hosts who are older than 45 . Show hosts who are younger than 35 .
Who are all the hosts ? Show hosts who are older than 45 . Show hosts who are younger than 35 . Show the nations that have hosts from above two results at the same time .
Who are all the hosts ? Show hosts who are older than 45 . Show hosts who are younger than 35 . Show the nations that have hosts from above two results at the same time . Show the nations that have both hosts older than 45 and hosts younger than 35.
Who are all the party hosts ?
Who are all the party hosts ? What are their names ?
Who are all the party hosts ? What are their names ? Show the themes of parties they host along with their name .
Who are all the party hosts ? What are their names ? Show the themes of parties they host along with their name . Show the themes of parties and the names of the party hosts.
Who are all the party hosts ?
Who are all the party hosts ? What are their names ?
Who are all the party hosts ? What are their names ? Show the locations of parties they host along with their names .
Who are all the party hosts ? What are their names ? Show the locations of parties they host along with their names . Order them by the age of the host .
Who are all the party hosts ? What are their names ? Show the locations of parties they host along with their names . Order them by the age of the host . Show the locations of parties and the names of the party hosts in ascending order of the age of the host.
Who are all the party hosts ?
Who are all the party hosts ? Show the name of those who are order than 50 .
Who are all the party hosts ? Show the name of those who are order than 50 . What about the locations of parties they host ?
Who are all the party hosts ? Show the name of those who are order than 50 . What about the locations of parties they host ? Show the locations of parties with hosts older than 50.
Show me all parties .
Show me all parties . Show those with more than 20 hosts .
Show me all parties . Show those with more than 20 hosts . What are the host names for those parties ?
Show me all parties . Show those with more than 20 hosts . What are the host names for those parties ? Show the host names for parties with number of hosts greater than 20.
Who are all the hosts ?
Who are all the hosts ? Who is the oldest one ?
Who are all the hosts ? Who is the oldest one ? Show the name and the nationality of that host .
Who are all the hosts ? Who is the oldest one ? Show the name and the nationality of that host . Show the name and the nationality of the oldest host.
Show me the name of all the ships .
Show me the name of all the ships . Which of them belong to United states ?
Show me the name of all the ships . Which of them belong to United states ? Include those that belong to United Kingdom .
Show me the name of all the ships . Which of them belong to United states ? Include those that belong to United Kingdom . Show the name of ships whose nationality is either United States or United Kingdom.
Show me the name of all the ships .
Show me the name of all the ships . Which one has the largest tonnage ?
Show me the name of all the ships . Which one has the largest tonnage ? What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage?
What are the types of ships ?
What are the types of ships ? Which type is the most common ?
What are the types of ships ? Which type is the most common ? Please show the most common type of ships.
What nations are there ?
What nations are there ? How many ships are there ?
What nations are there ? How many ships are there ? How many ships does each nation have ?
What nations are there ? How many ships are there ? How many ships does each nation have ? Show me nations that have more than two ships .
What nations are there ? How many ships are there ? How many ships does each nation have ? Show me nations that have more than two ships . List the nations that have more than two ships.
What are the name of all the ships ?
What are the name of all the ships ? Give me missions that were launched after 1928 .
What are the name of all the ships ? Give me missions that were launched after 1928 . Which ships were involved in any of those ?
What are the name of all the ships ? Give me missions that were launched after 1928 . Which ships were involved in any of those ? Show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928.
How many ships are there ?
How many ships are there ? Which of them are from United States ?
How many ships are there ? Which of them are from United States ? Show me the distinct fate of missions that involve any of those .
How many ships are there ? Which of them are from United States ? Show me the distinct fate of missions that involve any of those . Show the distinct fate of missions that involve ships with nationality "United States"
What are all the missions ?
What are all the missions ? Which ship is involved in any of them ?
What are all the missions ? Which ship is involved in any of them ? Give me the name of ships which are not among those .
What are all the missions ? Which ship is involved in any of them ? Give me the name of ships which are not among those . List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission
Tell me the industry of JPMorgan Chase .
Tell me the industry of JPMorgan Chase . How about its market value ?
Tell me the industry of JPMorgan Chase . How about its market value ? Tell me the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry .
Tell me the industry of JPMorgan Chase . How about its market value ? Tell me the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry . Show the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry?
Tell me the headquarters of the company HSBC .
Tell me the headquarters of the company HSBC . What is its market value ?
Tell me the headquarters of the company HSBC . What is its market value ? What is the maximum and minimum market value of companies .
Tell me the headquarters of the company HSBC . What is its market value ? What is the maximum and minimum market value of companies . What is the maximum and minimum market value of companies?
Tell me the sales of HSBC .
Tell me the sales of HSBC . How about that of PetroChina ?
Tell me the sales of HSBC . How about that of PetroChina ? What is the headquarters of the company with the largest sales ?
Tell me the sales of HSBC . How about that of PetroChina ? What is the headquarters of the company with the largest sales ? What is the headquarter of the company with the largest sales?
Tell me the profits of the company BP .
Tell me the profits of the company BP . How about its headquarters ?
Tell me the profits of the company BP . How about its headquarters ? What is the most common headquarters for companies ?
Tell me the profits of the company BP . How about its headquarters ? What is the most common headquarters for companies ? Show the most common headquarter for companies.
Tell me ExxonMobil 's industry .
Tell me ExxonMobil 's industry . What is its headquarters ?
Tell me ExxonMobil 's industry . What is its headquarters ? Tell me the headquarters that have at least two companies .
Tell me ExxonMobil 's industry . What is its headquarters ? Tell me the headquarters that have at least two companies . Show the headquarters that have at least two companies.
Tell me the companies in the banking industry .
Tell me the companies in the banking industry . Where are their headquarters ?
Tell me the companies in the banking industry . Where are their headquarters ? Tell me the headquarters that have both companies in the banking industry and companies in the oil and gas industry .
Tell me the companies in the banking industry . Where are their headquarters ? Tell me the headquarters that have both companies in the banking industry and companies in the oil and gas industry . Show the headquarters that have both companies in banking industry and companies in oil and gas industry.
Tell me Brad Lohaus 's age .
Tell me Brad Lohaus 's age . Where does he work ?
Tell me Brad Lohaus 's age . Where does he work ? How about all the names of the companies and of the employees ?
Tell me Brad Lohaus 's age . Where does he work ? How about all the names of the companies and of the employees ? Show the names of companies and of employees.
Tell me the people working in HSBC .
Tell me the people working in HSBC . How many are there ?
Tell me the people working in HSBC . How many are there ? What are the names of the companies and that of the employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee ?
Tell me the people working in HSBC . How many are there ? What are the names of the companies and that of the employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee ? Show names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee.
Tell me the company Tim Naegeli works in .
Tell me the company Tim Naegeli works in . What are this company 's sales numbers ?
Tell me the company Tim Naegeli works in . What are this company 's sales numbers ? Tell me the names of the employees that work for the companies with sales bigger than 200 .
Tell me the company Tim Naegeli works in . What are this company 's sales numbers ? Tell me the names of the employees that work for the companies with sales bigger than 200 . Show the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200.
What are PetroChina 's assets ?
What are PetroChina 's assets ? How many employees are there ?
What are PetroChina 's assets ? How many employees are there ? Tell me the names of the companies and the number of employees they have .
What are PetroChina 's assets ? How many employees are there ? Tell me the names of the companies and the number of employees they have . Show the names of companies and the number of employees they have
How old is David Butler ?
How old is David Butler ? Where does he work ?
How old is David Butler ? Where does he work ? Tell me the names of people that are not employed by any company .
How old is David Butler ? Where does he work ? Tell me the names of people that are not employed by any company . List the names of people that are not employed by any company
Show the amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR ''
Show the amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' Show average amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR ''
Show the amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' Show average amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' and whose share count is bigger than 50 .
Show the amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' Show average amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is `` PUR '' and whose share count is bigger than 50 . Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is "PUR" and whose share count is bigger than 50.
Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 .
Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 . Show the dates of transactions if the amount is bigger than 1000 .
Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 . Show the dates of transactions if the amount is bigger than 1000 . What are the dates of the transactions in these two groups ?
Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 . Show the dates of transactions if the amount is bigger than 1000 . What are the dates of the transactions in these two groups ? Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 or the amount is bigger than 1000.
Show the transaction type description if the share count is smaller than 10 .
Show the transaction type description if the share count is smaller than 10 . Please also show their transaction dates .
Show the transaction type description if the share count is smaller than 10 . Please also show their transaction dates . Show the transaction type descriptions and dates if the share count is smaller than 10.
Show the average share count of all investors .
Show the average share count of all investors . Count the number of investors who make any transaction with share count greater than 100 .
Show the average share count of all investors . Count the number of investors who make any transaction with share count greater than 100 . Show their details .
Show the average share count of all investors . Count the number of investors who make any transaction with share count greater than 100 . Show their details . Show details of all investors if they make any transaction with share count greater than 100.
Show the lot details of all lots .
Show the lot details of all lots . Show the ids of investors with details `` l '' .
Show the lot details of all lots . Show the ids of investors with details `` l '' . Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details `` l '' .
Show the lot details of all lots . Show the ids of investors with details `` l '' . Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details `` l '' . Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details "l"?
What is the average transaction amount ?
What is the average transaction amount ? How many transactions have an amount bigger than 10000 ?
What is the average transaction amount ? How many transactions have an amount bigger than 10000 ? Please show the purchase details of these transactions .
What is the average transaction amount ? How many transactions have an amount bigger than 10000 ? Please show the purchase details of these transactions . What are the purchase details of transactions with amount bigger than 10000?
What is the minimum transaction amount ?
What is the minimum transaction amount ? How many transactions have an amount smaller than 3000 ?
What is the minimum transaction amount ? How many transactions have an amount smaller than 3000 ? Please show the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000 .
What is the minimum transaction amount ? How many transactions have an amount smaller than 3000 ? Please show the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000 . What are the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000?
What is the average share amount of the transactions ?
What is the average share amount of the transactions ? How many transactions have a share count smaller than 50 ?
What is the average share amount of the transactions ? How many transactions have a share count smaller than 50 ? What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50 ?
What is the average share amount of the transactions ? How many transactions have a share count smaller than 50 ? What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50 ? What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50?
Show the transaction id of transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 .
Show the transaction id of transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 . How many transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? .
Show the transaction id of transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 . How many transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? . What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ?
Show the transaction id of transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 . How many transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? . What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is `` PUR '' ? What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is "PUR"?
How many different transaction types are there ?
How many different transaction types are there ? What is the average share count of different transaction types ?
How many different transaction types are there ? What is the average share count of different transaction types ? Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types .
How many different transaction types are there ? What is the average share count of different transaction types ? Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types . Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types.
What is the maximum share count of transactions ?
What is the maximum share count of transactions ? What is the average share count of transactions made by each investor ?
What is the maximum share count of transactions ? What is the average share count of transactions made by each investor ? Please order them by average share count .
What is the maximum share count of transactions ? What is the average share count of transactions made by each investor ? Please order them by average share count . Show the average share count of transactions made by each investor, ordered by average share count.
Show the max amount of transactions for different lots .
Show the max amount of transactions for different lots . What is the average amount of transactions for all lots ?
Show the max amount of transactions for different lots . What is the average amount of transactions for all lots ? What is the average amount of transactions for the lot with id 1 ?
Show the max amount of transactions for different lots . What is the average amount of transactions for all lots ? What is the average amount of transactions for the lot with id 1 ? Show the average amount of transactions for all different lots .
Show the max amount of transactions for different lots . What is the average amount of transactions for all lots ? What is the average amount of transactions for the lot with id 1 ? Show the average amount of transactions for all different lots . Show the average amount of transactions for different lots.
What is the average amount of transactions for the lot with id 3 ?
What is the average amount of transactions for the lot with id 3 ? Show the average amount of transactions for all different lots .
What is the average amount of transactions for the lot with id 3 ? Show the average amount of transactions for all different lots . Could you please order the results by the average amount of transactions ?
What is the average amount of transactions for the lot with id 3 ? Show the average amount of transactions for all different lots . Could you please order the results by the average amount of transactions ? Show the average amount of transactions for different lots, ordered by average amount of transactions.
How many transactions are there with transaction type code `` PUR '' ?
How many transactions are there with transaction type code `` PUR '' ? Show the number of transactions with transaction type code `` SALE '' .
How many transactions are there with transaction type code `` PUR '' ? Show the number of transactions with transaction type code `` SALE '' . For these transactions , show the number made by each investor .
How many transactions are there with transaction type code `` PUR '' ? Show the number of transactions with transaction type code `` SALE '' . For these transactions , show the number made by each investor . Show the number of transactions with transaction type code "SALE" for different investors if it is larger than 0.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most times .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code . Could you please order the transaction type codes by their number of occurances ?
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code . Could you please order the transaction type codes by their number of occurances ? Show the first one .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code . Could you please order the transaction type codes by their number of occurances ? Show the first one . Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code . Which transaction occurs the most frequently ?
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code . Which transaction occurs the most frequently ? Show its transaction type code .
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times . Show the number of occurances of each transaction type code . Which transaction occurs the most frequently ? Show its transaction type code . Show the transaction type code that occurs the most frequently.
Please show the description of the transaction type `` SALE '' .
Please show the description of the transaction type `` SALE '' . How many transaction types are there ?
Please show the description of the transaction type `` SALE '' . How many transaction types are there ? Among these transactions , which one occurs most frequently ?
Please show the description of the transaction type `` SALE '' . How many transaction types are there ? Among these transactions , which one occurs most frequently ? Show its description .
Please show the description of the transaction type `` SALE '' . How many transaction types are there ? Among these transactions , which one occurs most frequently ? Show its description . Show the description of the transaction type that occurs most frequently.
How many investors are there ?
How many investors are there ? How many of them have transactions ?
How many investors are there ? How many of them have transactions ? Could you order these investors according to their number of transactions in decreasing order ?
How many investors are there ? How many of them have transactions ? Could you order these investors according to their number of transactions in decreasing order ? Show the id and details of the first investor .
How many investors are there ? How many of them have transactions ? Could you order these investors according to their number of transactions in decreasing order ? Show the id and details of the first investor . Show the id and details of the investor that has the largest number of transactions.
How many transactions are there ?
How many transactions are there ? Show the id and details for the investor who has the most transactions .
How many transactions are there ? Show the id and details for the investor who has the most transactions . How about investors with top 3 number of transactions ?
How many transactions are there ? Show the id and details for the investor who has the most transactions . How about investors with top 3 number of transactions ? Show the id and details for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions.
Which investors have some transactions ?
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors have at least three transactions ?
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors have at least three transactions ? Next , how many of these investors have at least two transactions ?
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors have at least three transactions ? Next , how many of these investors have at least two transactions ? Please give their ids .
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors have at least three transactions ? Next , how many of these investors have at least two transactions ? Please give their ids . Show the ids of the investors who have at least two transactions.
Which investors have some transactions ?
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors are there ?
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors are there ? How about those who have at least two transactions with type code `` SALE '' ?
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors are there ? How about those who have at least two transactions with type code `` SALE '' ? OKgive me their ids and details .
Which investors have some transactions ? How many of these investors are there ? How about those who have at least two transactions with type code `` SALE '' ? OKgive me their ids and details . Show the ids and details of the investors who have at least two transactions with type code "SALE".
How many transactions are there ?
How many transactions are there ? Among these transactions , how many of them have a share count of at least 100 or an amount bigger than 100 ?
How many transactions are there ? Among these transactions , how many of them have a share count of at least 100 or an amount bigger than 100 ? Can you please show their dates ?
How many transactions are there ? Among these transactions , how many of them have a share count of at least 100 or an amount bigger than 100 ? Can you please show their dates ? What are the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count or amount bigger than 100?
What are the details of all sales ?
What are the details of all sales ? What are the details of all purchases ?
What are the details of all sales ? What are the details of all purchases ? Could you please combine them ?
What are the details of all sales ? What are the details of all purchases ? Could you please combine them ? What are the details of all sales and purchases?
Show me many how many journalists are FROM the nation England ?
Show me many how many journalists are FROM the nation England ? How about Wales ?
Show me many how many journalists are FROM the nation England ? How about Wales ? How many are FROM England or Wales ?
Show me many how many journalists are FROM the nation England ? How about Wales ? How many are FROM England or Wales ? What are their names ?
Show me many how many journalists are FROM the nation England ? How about Wales ? How many are FROM England or Wales ? What are their names ? Show the names of journalists FROM "England" or "Wales".
What is the average number of years a journalist works ?
What is the average number of years a journalist works ? What is the greatest ?
What is the average number of years a journalist works ? What is the greatest ? Who is the journalist that has worked this long ?
What is the average number of years a journalist works ? What is the greatest ? Who is the journalist that has worked this long ? Show me just her nationality ?
What is the average number of years a journalist works ? What is the greatest ? Who is the journalist that has worked this long ? Show me just her nationality ? What is the nationality of the journalist with the largest number of years working?
Show me every journalists name and nationality .
Show me every journalists name and nationality . How many different nationalities are there ?
Show me every journalists name and nationality . How many different nationalities are there ? What are they ?
Show me every journalists name and nationality . How many different nationalities are there ? What are they ? Of which one , are the most journalist ?
Show me every journalists name and nationality . How many different nationalities are there ? What are they ? Of which one , are the most journalist ? Show the most common nationality for journalists.
Which journalists have been working for less than 3 years ?
Which journalists have been working for less than 3 years ? Also add those that have been working for over 10 !
Which journalists have been working for less than 3 years ? Also add those that have been working for over 10 ! What are their names ?
Which journalists have been working for less than 3 years ? Also add those that have been working for over 10 ! What are their names ? Actually , list the different nations they are FROM !
Which journalists have been working for less than 3 years ? Also add those that have been working for over 10 ! What are their names ? Actually , list the different nations they are FROM ! Show the nations that have both journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working.
What are names of all the different journalists that have reported on at least one event ?
What are names of all the different journalists that have reported on at least one event ? For each , show the names of the events they reported on .
What are names of all the different journalists that have reported on at least one event ? For each , show the names of the events they reported on . And also the venues and dates .
What are names of all the different journalists that have reported on at least one event ? For each , show the names of the events they reported on . And also the venues and dates . Now , show just the journalist names and dates of the events !
What are names of all the different journalists that have reported on at least one event ? For each , show the names of the events they reported on . And also the venues and dates . Now , show just the journalist names and dates of the events ! Show the names of journalists and the dates of the events they reported.
What are all the event names ?
What are all the event names ? What were the event attendances for each one ?
What are all the event names ? What were the event attendances for each one ? Include the names of the journalist working on each event !
What are all the event names ? What were the event attendances for each one ? Include the names of the journalist working on each event ! Show me just the names of the journalists and the event names in ascending order !
What are all the event names ? What were the event attendances for each one ? Include the names of the journalist working on each event ! Show me just the names of the journalists and the event names in ascending order ! Show the names of journalists and the names of the events they reported in ascending order
Shoe me the names of all the journalists .
Shoe me the names of all the journalists . Now include the names of all the events they each worked on .
Shoe me the names of all the journalists . Now include the names of all the events they each worked on . How many did they each do ?
Shoe me the names of all the journalists . Now include the names of all the events they each worked on . How many did they each do ? Show the names of journalists and the number of events they reported.
Show me all the journalist information for each journalist !
Show me all the journalist information for each journalist ! What events have they each reported on .
Show me all the journalist information for each journalist ! What events have they each reported on . Count how many each journalist has worked on .
Show me all the journalist information for each journalist ! What events have they each reported on . Count how many each journalist has worked on . Show me just the names of the journalists that have reported on more than 1 !
Show me all the journalist information for each journalist ! What events have they each reported on . Count how many each journalist has worked on . Show me just the names of the journalists that have reported on more than 1 ! Show the names of journalists that have reported more than one event.
How many events have each journalists reported on ?
How many events have each journalists reported on ? How many journalists have 0 events !
How many events have each journalists reported on ? How many journalists have 0 events ! What are their names ?
How many events have each journalists reported on ? How many journalists have 0 events ! What are their names ? List the names of journalists who have not reported any event.
List all the names of the events !
List all the names of the events ! Show many attended each one !
List all the names of the events ! Show many attended each one ! What is the average event _attendance ?
List all the names of the events ! Show many attended each one ! What is the average event _attendance ? Also show the max !
List all the names of the events ! Show many attended each one ! What is the average event _attendance ? Also show the max ! what are the average and maximum attendances of all events?
What are the different work_types of news reporting ?
What are the different work_types of news reporting ? How many reporters belong to each type ?
What are the different work_types of news reporting ? How many reporters belong to each type ? What is the average age of the reporters for each type ?
What are the different work_types of news reporting ? How many reporters belong to each type ? What is the average age of the reporters for each type ? Also show the average number of years working for each type ?
What are the different work_types of news reporting ? How many reporters belong to each type ? What is the average age of the reporters for each type ? Also show the average number of years working for each type ? Find the average age and experience working length of journalists working on different role type.
What are the names of the regions ?
What are the names of the regions ? Show all region code and region name sorted by the region name alphabetically .
What are the names of the regions ? Show all region code and region name sorted by the region name alphabetically . Order the result by the codes .
What are the names of the regions ? Show all region code and region name sorted by the region name alphabetically . Order the result by the codes . Show all region code and region name sorted by the codes.
How about their names of each region ?
How about their names of each region ? Order the result in alphabetical order .
How about their names of each region ? Order the result in alphabetical order . List all region names in alphabetical order.
Can you list the id of region named Denmark .
Can you list the id of region named Denmark . How about the region code for all regions except for Denmark .
Can you list the id of region named Denmark . How about the region code for all regions except for Denmark . List their names .
Can you list the id of region named Denmark . How about the region code for all regions except for Denmark . List their names . Show names for all regions except for Denmark.
What 's the number of deaths for each storm ?
What 's the number of deaths for each storm ? Show the average number of deaths .
What 's the number of deaths for each storm ? Show the average number of deaths . How many storms had death records ?
What 's the number of deaths for each storm ? Show the average number of deaths . How many storms had death records ? How many storms had death records?
Show me the name of the storm where no people died .
Show me the name of the storm where no people died . How about the number of deaths for the rest of the storms ?
Show me the name of the storm where no people died . How about the number of deaths for the rest of the storms ? List their names and dates active as well .
Show me the name of the storm where no people died . How about the number of deaths for the rest of the storms ? List their names and dates active as well . List name, dates active, and number of deaths for all storms with at least 1 death.
Show me in the maximum damage for storms with max speed no more than 1000 .
Show me in the maximum damage for storms with max speed no more than 1000 . How about those with max speed higher than 1000 ?
Show me in the maximum damage for storms with max speed no more than 1000 . How about those with max speed higher than 1000 ? Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000 .
Show me in the maximum damage for storms with max speed no more than 1000 . How about those with max speed higher than 1000 ? Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000 . Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000.
What 's the average max speed for all storms ?
What 's the average max speed for all storms ? What are the number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average ?
What 's the average max speed for all storms ? What are the number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average ? How about the total death and total damage ?
What 's the average max speed for all storms ? What are the number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average ? How about the total death and total damage ? What is the total number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average?
What 's the date active for all storms ?
What 's the date active for all storms ? How about the name and damage of all storms ?
What 's the date active for all storms ? How about the name and damage of all storms ? Order the result by a descending order of max speed .
What 's the date active for all storms ? How about the name and damage of all storms ? Order the result by a descending order of max speed . List name and damage for all storms in a descending order of max speed.
What are the names of the affected regions ?
What are the names of the affected regions ? Show the distinct region names .
What are the names of the affected regions ? Show the distinct region names . How many distinct affected regions are there ?
What are the names of the affected regions ? Show the distinct region names . How many distinct affected regions are there ? How many regions are affected?
What are the names of the regions affected ?
What are the names of the regions affected ? How many are there ?
What are the names of the regions affected ? How many are there ? How about the names of regions not affected ?
What are the names of the regions affected ? How many are there ? How about the names of regions not affected ? Show the name for regions not affected.
Show me the storm ids for each region .
Show me the storm ids for each region . What 's the maximum number of storms of one region ?
Show me the storm ids for each region . What 's the maximum number of storms of one region ? Show the region names and the number of storms for each region .
Show me the storm ids for each region . What 's the maximum number of storms of one region ? Show the region names and the number of storms for each region . Show the name for regions and the number of storms for each region.
Show me the names of all storms that affect more than 1 regions ?
Show me the names of all storms that affect more than 1 regions ? List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm .
Show me the names of all storms that affect more than 1 regions ? List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm . List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm.
What is the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm .
What is the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm . Which storm affected the greatest number of regions ?
What is the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm . Which storm affected the greatest number of regions ? Show its max speed in addition to its name .
What is the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm . Which storm affected the greatest number of regions ? Show its max speed in addition to its name . What is the storm name and max speed which affected the greatest number of regions?
What are the names of the storms that have affected regions in record ?
What are the names of the storms that have affected regions in record ? How many such storms are there in the result ?
What are the names of the storms that have affected regions in record ? How many such storms are there in the result ? How about the names of storms which do n't have affected region in record .
What are the names of the storms that have affected regions in record ? How many such storms are there in the result ? How about the names of storms which do n't have affected region in record . Show the name of storms which don't have affected region in record.
What is the name of the storm affected the most number of cities ?
What is the name of the storm affected the most number of cities ? How about of the storms that affected at least two regions ?
What is the name of the storm affected the most number of cities ? How about of the storms that affected at least two regions ? Among the result , which one affected at least 10 cities ?
What is the name of the storm affected the most number of cities ? How about of the storms that affected at least two regions ? Among the result , which one affected at least 10 cities ? Show storm name with at least two regions and 10 cities affected.
Show me all the storms by name .
Show me all the storms by name . List only ones with at least 2 affected regions .
Show me all the storms by name . List only ones with at least 2 affected regions . Show all names of the storms except for these .
Show me all the storms by name . List only ones with at least 2 affected regions . Show all names of the storms except for these . Show all storm names except for those with at least two affected regions.
Show me the regions affected by a storm with a damage of more than 10 million dollars ?
Show me the regions affected by a storm with a damage of more than 10 million dollars ? How about those with affected by storms with no more than 10 deaths ?
Show me the regions affected by a storm with a damage of more than 10 million dollars ? How about those with affected by storms with no more than 10 deaths ? List the region names affected by the storm with a number of deaths of least 10 .
Show me the regions affected by a storm with a damage of more than 10 million dollars ? How about those with affected by storms with no more than 10 deaths ? List the region names affected by the storm with a number of deaths of least 10 . What are the region names affected by the storm with a number of deaths of least 10?
Show me all the affected regions .
Show me all the affected regions . Which storm affected region Cyprus ?
Show me all the affected regions . Which storm affected region Cyprus ? How about Denmark ?
Show me all the affected regions . Which storm affected region Cyprus ? How about Denmark ? Show all storm names affecting region "Denmark".
Show me the number of regions affected for each storm .
Show me the number of regions affected for each storm . How about the number of storms for each region ?
Show me the number of regions affected for each storm . How about the number of storms for each region ? Show the region name with at least two storms .
Show me the number of regions affected for each storm . How about the number of storms for each region ? Show the region name with at least two storms . Show the region name with at least two storms.
Show me the number of people killed for each storm .
Show me the number of people killed for each storm . What 's the name of the one that killed the most people ?
Show me the number of people killed for each storm . What 's the name of the one that killed the most people ? What 's the names of the regions affected by this storm ?
Show me the number of people killed for each storm . What 's the name of the one that killed the most people ? What 's the names of the regions affected by this storm ? Find the names of the regions which were affected by the storm that killed the greatest number of people.
Show company information .
Show company information . How many are there ?
Show company information . How many are there ? How many gas companies are there?
Show the company names .
Show the company names . Also show the rank for each .
Show the company names . Also show the rank for each . Show the results in decreasing order of their sales .
Show the company names . Also show the rank for each . Show the results in decreasing order of their sales . List the company name and rank for all companies in the decreasing order of their sales.
Show the company name and the main industry for all companies .
Show the company name and the main industry for all companies . Show the results only for those whose headquarters are not from USA .
Show the company name and the main industry for all companies . Show the results only for those whose headquarters are not from USA . Show the company name and the main industry for all companies whose headquarters are not from USA.
Show all company names and headquarters .
Show all company names and headquarters . Show them in the descending order of market value .
Show all company names and headquarters . Show them in the descending order of market value . Show all company names and headquarters in the descending order of market value.
Show the market value for all companies .
Show the market value for all companies . What are the minimum , maximum , and average of them ?
Show the market value for all companies . What are the minimum , maximum , and average of them ? Show minimum, maximum, and average market value for all companies.
Show the company info .
Show the company info . Show the main industry for them .
Show the company info . Show the main industry for them . Remove duplicates .
Show the company info . Show the main industry for them . Remove duplicates . Show all main industry for all companies.
Show all headquarters for companies .
Show all headquarters for companies . For each of them , show the number of companies .
Show all headquarters for companies . For each of them , show the number of companies . List all headquarters and the number of companies in each headquarter.
Show all main industries for companies .
Show all main industries for companies . For each of them , also show the total market value .
Show all main industries for companies . For each of them , also show the total market value . Show all main industry and total market value in each industry.
Show all the main industries for companies .
Show all the main industries for companies . Order them in descending order by total market value .
Show all the main industries for companies . Order them in descending order by total market value . What one has the highest ?
Show all the main industries for companies . Order them in descending order by total market value . What one has the highest ? Also show its number of companies .
Show all the main industries for companies . Order them in descending order by total market value . What one has the highest ? Also show its number of companies . List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies.
Show all headquarters .
Show all headquarters . For each of them , also show the number of companies in the banking industry .
Show all headquarters . For each of them , also show the number of companies in the banking industry . Which have at least two ?
Show all headquarters . For each of them , also show the number of companies in the banking industry . Which have at least two ? Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry.
Show the station id for all stations .
Show the station id for all stations . Also show the location and the manager name for each of them .
Show the station id for all stations . Also show the location and the manager name for each of them . Order the results by their opening year .
Show the station id for all stations . Also show the location and the manager name for each of them . Order the results by their opening year . Show gas station id, location, and manager_name for all gas stations ordered by open year.
Show the information for all gas stations .
Show the information for all gas stations . How about those that opened between 2000 and 2005 ?
Show the information for all gas stations . How about those that opened between 2000 and 2005 ? Show the count .
Show the information for all gas stations . How about those that opened between 2000 and 2005 ? Show the count . How many gas station are opened between 2000 and 2005?
Show locations for all gas stations .
Show locations for all gas stations . For each of them , show the number of gas stations .
Show locations for all gas stations . For each of them , show the number of gas stations . Order the results by the count .
Show locations for all gas stations . For each of them , show the number of gas stations . Order the results by the count . Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count.
Show all headquarters .
Show all headquarters . Show headquarters with a company in the banking industry .
Show all headquarters . Show headquarters with a company in the banking industry . How about headquarters with a company in oil and gas ?
Show all headquarters . Show headquarters with a company in the banking industry . How about headquarters with a company in oil and gas ? Show headquarters with both .
Show all headquarters . Show headquarters with a company in the banking industry . How about headquarters with a company in oil and gas ? Show headquarters with both . Show all headquarters with both a company in banking industry and a company in Oil and gas.
Show the headquarters with a company in banking industry .
Show the headquarters with a company in banking industry . How about those without any such company ?
Show the headquarters with a company in banking industry . How about those without any such company ? Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry.
Show the company name .
Show the company name . For each of them , also show the number of gas station .
Show the company name . For each of them , also show the number of gas station . Show the company name with the number of gas station.
What are company ids with a gas station .
What are company ids with a gas station . Show the company name without a gas station .
What are company ids with a gas station . Show the company name without a gas station . Show also their main industry .
What are company ids with a gas station . Show the company name without a gas station . Show also their main industry . Show company name and main industry without a gas station.
Show the manager name for all gas stations .
Show the manager name for all gas stations . Show those for gas stations belonging to the ExxonMobil company .
Show the manager name for all gas stations . Show those for gas stations belonging to the ExxonMobil company . Show the manager name for gas stations belonging to the ExxonMobil company.
Show locations for all gas stations .
Show locations for all gas stations . Show locations whose company has a market value greater than 100 .
Show locations for all gas stations . Show locations whose company has a market value greater than 100 . Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located.
Show the manager name for all gas stations .
Show the manager name for all gas stations . For each of them , also count the number of gas stations opened after 2000 .
Show the manager name for all gas stations . For each of them , also count the number of gas stations opened after 2000 . Show the results in the descending order of their count .
Show the manager name for all gas stations . For each of them , also count the number of gas stations opened after 2000 . Show the results in the descending order of their count . Which manager name has the most ?
Show the manager name for all gas stations . For each of them , also count the number of gas stations opened after 2000 . Show the results in the descending order of their count . Which manager name has the most ? Show the manager name with most number of gas stations opened after 2000.
Show the location for all gas stations .
Show the location for all gas stations . Order them by their opening year .
Show the location for all gas stations . Order them by their opening year . order all gas station locations by the opening year.
Show the rank , company names , market values of all the companies .
Show the rank , company names , market values of all the companies . What about the results for those in the banking industry ?
Show the rank , company names , market values of all the companies . What about the results for those in the banking industry ? Order the results by their sales and profits in billion .
Show the rank , company names , market values of all the companies . What about the results for those in the banking industry ? Order the results by their sales and profits in billion . find the rank, company names, market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion.
What are the prices of products called `` Trading Policy '' ?
What are the prices of products called `` Trading Policy '' ? How bout `` Dining '' ?
What are the prices of products called `` Trading Policy '' ? How bout `` Dining '' ? Show those together , please .
What are the prices of products called `` Trading Policy '' ? How bout `` Dining '' ? Show those together , please . Show the prices of the products named "Dining" or "Trading Policy".
What are the prices of the products ?
What are the prices of the products ? Can you sort that by descending product price ?
What are the prices of the products ? Can you sort that by descending product price ? Just show the product name with the highest price
What are the prices of the products ? Can you sort that by descending product price ? Just show the product name with the highest price What is the name of the product with the highest price?
What are the type codes for products ?
What are the type codes for products ? Can you count the products for each type code ?
What are the type codes for products ? Can you count the products for each type code ? Which is most common ?
What are the type codes for products ? Can you count the products for each type code ? Which is most common ? Show the ones with at least two products .
What are the type codes for products ? Can you count the products for each type code ? Which is most common ? Show the ones with at least two products . Show those ones that have products with price higher than 4500 and products with price lower than 3000 .
What are the type codes for products ? Can you count the products for each type code ? Which is most common ? Show the ones with at least two products . Show those ones that have products with price higher than 4500 and products with price lower than 3000 . Show the most common type code across products.
Show the locations for all cinemas .
Show the locations for all cinemas . What are the locations for the cinemas that have a capacity over 800 ?
Show the locations for all cinemas . What are the locations for the cinemas that have a capacity over 800 ? Show all locations except for those .
Show the locations for all cinemas . What are the locations for the cinemas that have a capacity over 800 ? Show all locations except for those . Show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800.
List the locations where a cinema was opened in 2010 .
List the locations where a cinema was opened in 2010 . How about the locations where of cinema was opened in 2011 ?
List the locations where a cinema was opened in 2010 . How about the locations where of cinema was opened in 2011 ? Show the locations that belong to both groups .
List the locations where a cinema was opened in 2010 . How about the locations where of cinema was opened in 2011 ? Show the locations that belong to both groups . Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in both year 2010 and year 2011.
Show all cinemas .
Show all cinemas . How many are there ?
Show all cinemas . How many are there ? How many cinema do we have?
Show all information for cinemas .
Show all information for cinemas . Only list name , opening year , and capacity for them .
Show all information for cinemas . Only list name , opening year , and capacity for them . Show name, opening year, and capacity for each cinema.
What is are the capacities for cinemas ?
What is are the capacities for cinemas ? What is the average ?
What is are the capacities for cinemas ? What is the average ? Show the name and location for any cinemas with a capacity above this .
What is are the capacities for cinemas ? What is the average ? Show the name and location for any cinemas with a capacity above this . Show the cinema name and location for cinemas with capacity above average.
Show all information for cinemas .
Show all information for cinemas . Show all distinct locations containing cinemas .
Show all information for cinemas . Show all distinct locations containing cinemas . What are all the locations with a cinema?
Show name and opening year for each cinema .
Show name and opening year for each cinema . Sort them in descending order by opening year .
Show name and opening year for each cinema . Sort them in descending order by opening year . Show all the cinema names and opening years in descending order of opening year.
Show name and location for all cinemas .
Show name and location for all cinemas . Order by them their capacity in descending order .
Show name and location for all cinemas . Order by them their capacity in descending order . What is the top cinema in the list ?
Show name and location for all cinemas . Order by them their capacity in descending order . What is the top cinema in the list ? What are the name and location of the cinema with the largest capacity?
Show the capacities for all cinemas .
Show the capacities for all cinemas . How about the capacities for those that opened in 2011 or later ?
Show the capacities for all cinemas . How about the capacities for those that opened in 2011 or later ? What is the average , minimum , and maximum among these ?
Show the capacities for all cinemas . How about the capacities for those that opened in 2011 or later ? What is the average , minimum , and maximum among these ? Show the average, minimum, and maximum capacity for all the cinemas opened in year 2011 or later.
Show all locations for cinemas .
Show all locations for cinemas . Also show the number of cinemas in each location .
Show all locations for cinemas . Also show the number of cinemas in each location . Show each location and the number of cinemas there.
Show all locations with cinemas .
Show all locations with cinemas . How about locations for those that opened in year 2010 or later ?
Show all locations with cinemas . How about locations for those that opened in year 2010 or later ? What is the location with the most such cinemas ?
Show all locations with cinemas . How about locations for those that opened in year 2010 or later ? What is the location with the most such cinemas ? What is the location with the most cinemas opened in year 2010 or later?
Show all locations of cinemas .
Show all locations of cinemas . What are locations for the cinemas with a capacity above 300 ?
Show all locations of cinemas . What are locations for the cinemas with a capacity above 300 ? What are locations with at least two such cinemas ?
Show all locations of cinemas . What are locations for the cinemas with a capacity above 300 ? What are locations with at least two such cinemas ? Show all the locations with at least two cinemas with capacity above 300.
Show all information of films .
Show all information of films . How about the title and director for those ?
Show all information of films . How about the title and director for those ? Show the title and director for all films.
Show the information for all films .
Show the information for all films . Who are the directors for those ?
Show the information for all films . Who are the directors for those ? Show all directors.
Show directors for all films .
Show directors for all films . Also show the number of films made by each director .
Show directors for all films . Also show the number of films made by each director . List all directors along with the number of films directed by each director.
Show the names for all cinemas .
Show the names for all cinemas . Also show the showtimes per day for those cinemas .
Show the names for all cinemas . Also show the showtimes per day for those cinemas . For each cinema , also show the total number of showtimes per day .
Show the names for all cinemas . Also show the showtimes per day for those cinemas . For each cinema , also show the total number of showtimes per day . What is total number of show times per day for each cinema?
Show the title for each film .
Show the title for each film . Also show the prices for each of them .
Show the title for each film . Also show the prices for each of them . What is the maximum price for each ?
Show the title for each film . Also show the prices for each of them . What is the maximum price for each ? What are the title and maximum price of each film?
Show the title for films .
Show the title for films . Show the name for cinemas .
Show the title for films . Show the name for cinemas . Show all the schedule record .
Show the title for films . Show the name for cinemas . Show all the schedule record . How about the date and the price for each of those records along with the film title and cinema name .
Show the title for films . Show the name for cinemas . Show all the schedule record . How about the date and the price for each of those records along with the film title and cinema name . Show cinema name, film title, date, and price for each record in schedule.
Show all film ids in the schedule .
Show all film ids in the schedule . Show the title and director for all films .
Show all film ids in the schedule . Show the title and director for all films . Only show the title and director for films not in the schedule .
Show all film ids in the schedule . Show the title and director for all films . Only show the title and director for films not in the schedule . What are the title and director of the films without any schedule?
Show all the directors .
Show all the directors . List those directors in descending order by the total number of showtimes .
Show all the directors . List those directors in descending order by the total number of showtimes . Who has the most ?
Show all the directors . List those directors in descending order by the total number of showtimes . Who has the most ? Show director with the largest number of show times in total.
Show all locations for the cinemas .
Show all locations for the cinemas . Only show locations of cinemas with a capacity above 300 .
Show all locations for the cinemas . Only show locations of cinemas with a capacity above 300 . How about locations with more than one such cinema ?
Show all locations for the cinemas . Only show locations of cinemas with a capacity above 300 . How about locations with more than one such cinema ? Find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300.
What are all the bookings ?
What are all the bookings ? How many are there ?
What are all the bookings ? How many are there ? How many bookings do we have?
What are all the bookings ?
What are all the bookings ? What are their order dates ?
What are all the bookings ? What are their order dates ? List the order dates of all the bookings.
What are all the bookings ?
What are all the bookings ? What are their planned delivery dates and actual delivery dates ?
What are all the bookings ? What are their planned delivery dates and actual delivery dates ? Show all the planned delivery dates and actual delivery dates of bookings.
What are all the customers ?
What are all the customers ? How many are there ?
What are all the customers ? How many are there ? How many customers do we have?
What are all the customers ?
What are all the customers ? Who is Harold ?
What are all the customers ? Who is Harold ? Show Harold 's phone and email .
What are all the customers ? Who is Harold ? Show Harold 's phone and email . What are the phone and email for customer Harold?
What are all the drama workshop groups ?
What are all the drama workshop groups ? What are their names ?
What are all the drama workshop groups ? What are their names ? Show all the Store_Name of drama workshop groups.
What are all the invoices ?
What are all the invoices ? What are their order quantities ?
What are all the invoices ? What are their order quantities ? Show the minimum , average , maximum of them .
What are all the invoices ? What are their order quantities ? Show the minimum , average , maximum of them . Show the minimum, average, maximum order quantity of all invoices.
What are all the invoices ?
What are all the invoices ? What are their payment method codes ?
What are all the invoices ? What are their payment method codes ? Only show the distinct ones .
What are all the invoices ? What are their payment method codes ? Only show the distinct ones . What are the distinct payment method codes in all the invoices?
What are all the marketing regions ?
What are all the marketing regions ? Show me the region named China .
What are all the marketing regions ? Show me the region named China . Show the description of it .
What are all the marketing regions ? Show me the region named China . Show the description of it . What is the description of the marketing region China?
What are all the products ?
What are all the products ? What about those with price higher than average ?
What are all the products ? What about those with price higher than average ? Show their distinct names .
What are all the products ? What about those with price higher than average ? Show their distinct names . Show all the distinct product names with price higher than the average.
What are all the products ?
What are all the products ? which is the one with the highest price ?
What are all the products ? which is the one with the highest price ? Only show its name .
What are all the products ? which is the one with the highest price ? Only show its name . What is the name of the most expensive product?
What are all the performers ?
What are all the performers ? Show the phone number of the performer whose name is Ashley .
What are all the performers ? Show the phone number of the performer whose name is Ashley . What is the phone number of the performer Ashley?
What are all the invoices ?
What are all the invoices ? Show all kinds of payment method codes among them .
What are all the invoices ? Show all kinds of payment method codes among them . How many orders are there for each of them ?
What are all the invoices ? Show all kinds of payment method codes among them . How many orders are there for each of them ? Show all payment method codes and the number of orders for each code.
What are all the invoices ?
What are all the invoices ? Show all kinds of payment method codes among them .
What are all the invoices ? Show all kinds of payment method codes among them . Which one is used by most orders ?
What are all the invoices ? Show all kinds of payment method codes among them . Which one is used by most orders ? What is the payment method code used by the most orders?
Show me information about the store named `` FJA Filming '' .
Show me information about the store named `` FJA Filming '' . Which city is that store located in ?
Show me information about the store named `` FJA Filming '' . Which city is that store located in ? Which city is the address of the store named "FJA Filming" located in?
What are the stores with marketing region code `` CA '' ?
What are the stores with marketing region code `` CA '' ? What are their addresses ?
What are the stores with marketing region code `` CA '' ? What are their addresses ? What are the states or counties those addresses belong to ?
What are the stores with marketing region code `` CA '' ? What are their addresses ? What are the states or counties those addresses belong to ? What are the states or counties of the address of the stores with marketing region code "CA"?
Show me information about the store named Rob Dinning ?
Show me information about the store named Rob Dinning ? What is the name of its marketing region ?
Show me information about the store named Rob Dinning ? What is the name of its marketing region ? What is the name of the marketing region that the store Rob Dinning belongs to?
What are the services with product price above 100 ?
What are the services with product price above 100 ? What are the descriptions of the service types of them ?
What are the services with product price above 100 ? What are the descriptions of the service types of them ? What are the descriptions of the service types with product price above 100?
What are all the service types ?
What are all the service types ? For each of them , what is the description , code and the corresponding count of service ?
What are all the service types ? For each of them , what is the description , code and the corresponding count of service ? What is the description, code and the corresponding count of each service type?
What are all the service types ?
What are all the service types ? How many times has each of them being performed ?
What are all the service types ? How many times has each of them being performed ? Show the description and code of the one that is performed the most often .
What are all the service types ? How many times has each of them being performed ? Show the description and code of the one that is performed the most often . What is the description and code of the type of service that is performed the most often?
What are all the workshop groups ?
What are all the workshop groups ? What about those that services are performed ?
What are all the workshop groups ? What about those that services are performed ? Show their phones and emails .
What are all the workshop groups ? What about those that services are performed ? Show their phones and emails . What are the phones and emails of workshop groups in which services are performed?
What are all the services with product name `` film '' ?
What are all the services with product name `` film '' ? What are the names of workshop groups in which they are performed ?
What are all the services with product name `` film '' ? What are the names of workshop groups in which they are performed ? What are the names of workshop groups in which services with product name "film" are performed?
What are all the products ?
What are all the products ? Show all product names .
What are all the products ? Show all product names . Show the average price for each name .
What are all the products ? Show all product names . Show the average price for each name . What are the different product names? What is the average product price for each of them?
What are the names for all products ?
What are the names for all products ? Show the one that has average price smaller than 1000000 .
What are the names for all products ? Show the one that has average price smaller than 1000000 . What are the product names with average product price smaller than 1000000?
What are all the photo products ?
What are all the photo products ? What are the total order quantities of them ?
What are all the photo products ? What are the total order quantities of them ? What are the total order quantities of photo products?
What are all the products with price higher than 2000 ?
What are all the products with price higher than 2000 ? What are the order details of them ?
What are all the products with price higher than 2000 ? What are the order details of them ? What are the order details of the products with price higher than 2000?
What are the orders with quantity 1 ?
What are the orders with quantity 1 ? Show the actual delivery dates of them .
What are the orders with quantity 1 ? Show the actual delivery dates of them . What are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1?
What are the products with price higher than 1000 ?
What are the products with price higher than 1000 ? What are their order dates ?
What are the products with price higher than 1000 ? What are their order dates ? What are the order dates of orders with price higher than 1000?
What are the currency codes for all drama workshop groups ?
What are the currency codes for all drama workshop groups ? Only show the distinct ones .
What are the currency codes for all drama workshop groups ? Only show the distinct ones . How many are there ?
What are the currency codes for all drama workshop groups ? Only show the distinct ones . How many are there ? How many distinct currency codes are there for all drama workshop groups?
What are the addresses in Feliciaberg city ?
What are the addresses in Feliciaberg city ? Show the drama workshop groups that are in those addresses .
What are the addresses in Feliciaberg city ? Show the drama workshop groups that are in those addresses . What are the names of the drama workshop groups with address in Feliciaberg city?
What are the addresses in Alaska state ?
What are the addresses in Alaska state ? Show the names of drama workshop groups that are using those addresses ?
What are the addresses in Alaska state ? Show the names of drama workshop groups that are using those addresses ? What are the email addresses of the drama workshop groups with address in Alaska state?
What are all the cities ?
What are all the cities ? How many drama workshop groups are in each of them ?
What are all the cities ? How many drama workshop groups are in each of them ? Show all cities along with the number of drama workshop groups in each city.
What are the market region codes of all the drama workshop groups ?
What are the market region codes of all the drama workshop groups ? Which one of them has the most drama workshop groups ?
What are the market region codes of all the drama workshop groups ? Which one of them has the most drama workshop groups ? What is the marketing region code that has the most drama workshop groups?
Show me all the cities .
Show me all the cities . Which ones of them has at least one customer ?
Show me all the cities . Which ones of them has at least one customer ? Among those cities , show ones that has no performer .
Show me all the cities . Which ones of them has at least one customer ? Among those cities , show ones that has no performer . Show all cities where at least one customer lives in but no performer lives in.
What are the status of all the bookings ?
What are the status of all the bookings ? Which one of them is the most frequent one ?
What are the status of all the bookings ? Which one of them is the most frequent one ? What is the most frequent status of bookings?
Which bookings have status code `` stop '' ?
Which bookings have status code `` stop '' ? Show the names of the workshop groups that have those bookings .
Which bookings have status code `` stop '' ? Show the names of the workshop groups that have those bookings . What are the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code "stop"?
What are the names of all the clients ?
What are the names of all the clients ? How about those who have no booking ?
What are the names of all the clients ? How about those who have no booking ? Show the names of all the clients with no booking.
What are all the invoices using `` MasterCard '' ?
What are all the invoices using `` MasterCard '' ? Show the average quantities of them .
What are all the invoices using `` MasterCard '' ? Show the average quantities of them . What is the average quantities ordered with payment method code "MasterCard" on invoices?
What are the product IDs of all the invoices ?
What are the product IDs of all the invoices ? Show the one that has been ordered the most .
What are the product IDs of all the invoices ? Show the one that has been ordered the most . What is the product ID of the most frequently ordered item on invoices?
How many hotels have 5 star ratings ?
How many hotels have 5 star ratings ? Among the results , how many are hotels that allow pets ?
How many hotels have 5 star ratings ? Among the results , how many are hotels that allow pets ? What one has the highest price range ?
How many hotels have 5 star ratings ? Among the results , how many are hotels that allow pets ? What one has the highest price range ? Please show the average price range of these hotels .
How many hotels have 5 star ratings ? Among the results , how many are hotels that allow pets ? What one has the highest price range ? Please show the average price range of these hotels . Show the average price range of hotels that have 5 star ratings and allow pets.
Please show the location names .
Please show the location names . Which one contains the word `` UK '' ?
Please show the location names . Which one contains the word `` UK '' ? Then , which one contains the word `` film '' ?
Please show the location names . Which one contains the word `` UK '' ? Then , which one contains the word `` film '' ? Which location names contain the word "film"?
How many tourist attractions are there ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? How many of them could be accessed by bus or walking ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? How many of them could be accessed by bus or walking ? Please show their names and opening hours .
How many tourist attractions are there ? How many of them could be accessed by bus or walking ? Please show their names and opening hours . What are the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk?
How many hotels are there ?
How many hotels are there ? What is the average price range of these hotels ?
How many hotels are there ? What is the average price range of these hotels ? How many of hotels have a price above 10000 ?
How many hotels are there ? What is the average price range of these hotels ? How many of hotels have a price above 10000 ? Please show the star rating descriptions of these hotels .
How many hotels are there ? What is the average price range of these hotels ? How many of hotels have a price above 10000 ? Please show the star rating descriptions of these hotels . What are the star rating descriptions of the hotels with price above 10000?
How many tourist attractions are there ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? How many of them are associated with the photo `` fun1 '' ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? How many of them are associated with the photo `` fun1 '' ? How about the photo `` game1 '' ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? How many of them are associated with the photo `` fun1 '' ? How about the photo `` game1 '' ? Please show the name of these tourist attractions ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? How many of them are associated with the photo `` fun1 '' ? How about the photo `` game1 '' ? Please show the name of these tourist attractions ? What is the name of the tourist attraction that is associated with the photo "game1"?
How can I get to the tourist attraction `` film festival '' ?
How can I get to the tourist attraction `` film festival '' ? How many photos have been taken at this tourist attraction ?
How can I get to the tourist attraction `` film festival '' ? How many photos have been taken at this tourist attraction ? Please show its name and descriptions .
How can I get to the tourist attraction `` film festival '' ? How many photos have been taken at this tourist attraction ? Please show its name and descriptions . What are the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction "film festival"?
How many shops are there ?
How many shops are there ? How many of them could be accessed by bus ?
How many shops are there ? How many of them could be accessed by bus ? How about the number of those that could be accessed by walking ?
How many shops are there ? How many of them could be accessed by bus ? How about the number of those that could be accessed by walking ? Please show the details of these shops .
How many shops are there ? How many of them could be accessed by bus ? How about the number of those that could be accessed by walking ? Please show the details of these shops . What are the details of the shops that can be accessed by walk?
Please show the description of the the attraction named `` US museum '' .
Please show the description of the the attraction named `` US museum '' . How can I get to this place ?
Please show the description of the the attraction named `` US museum '' . How can I get to this place ? Who is in charge of it ?
Please show the description of the the attraction named `` US museum '' . How can I get to this place ? Who is in charge of it ? What is the name of the staff that is in charge of the attraction named "US museum"?
How many markets are there ?
How many markets are there ? How many of them could be accessed by shuttle ?
How many markets are there ? How many of them could be accessed by shuttle ? How about the number of those that could be accessed by walking or bus ?
How many markets are there ? How many of them could be accessed by shuttle ? How about the number of those that could be accessed by walking or bus ? Please show the details of these markets .
How many markets are there ? How many of them could be accessed by shuttle ? How about the number of those that could be accessed by walking or bus ? Please show the details of these markets . What are the details of the markets that can be accessed by walk or bus?
How many visitors are there ?
How many visitors are there ? What is the Tourist_ID of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent ' ?
How many visitors are there ? What is the Tourist_ID of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent ' ? Please show his visit date and detail .
How many visitors are there ? What is the Tourist_ID of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent ' ? Please show his visit date and detail . What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent'?
What is the Tourist_ID of the visitor whose detail is 'Vivian ' ?
What is the Tourist_ID of the visitor whose detail is 'Vivian ' ? Which tourist attractions does she visit ?
What is the Tourist_ID of the visitor whose detail is 'Vivian ' ? Which tourist attractions does she visit ? How about Vincent ?
What is the Tourist_ID of the visitor whose detail is 'Vivian ' ? Which tourist attractions does she visit ? How about Vincent ? Which tourist attractions does the visitor with detail 'Vincent' visit?
How many tourist attractions has Vincent visited ?
How many tourist attractions has Vincent visited ? How about Vivian ?
How many tourist attractions has Vincent visited ? How about Vivian ? Among these attractions , please show the names and dates of the ones that Vincent or Vivian has visited .
How many tourist attractions has Vincent visited ? How about Vivian ? Among these attractions , please show the names and dates of the ones that Vincent or Vivian has visited . What are the names of the tourist attractions and the dates when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there?
What is the price range of the most expensive hotel ?
What is the price range of the most expensive hotel ? How about the top 3 ?
What is the price range of the most expensive hotel ? How about the top 3 ? Please show the details .
What is the price range of the most expensive hotel ? How about the top 3 ? Please show the details . Show the details of the top 3 most expensive hotels.
What is the lowest price range of the hotels ?
What is the lowest price range of the hotels ? How about the last 3 ?
What is the lowest price range of the hotels ? How about the last 3 ? Please show the details and star ratings of these three hotels .
What is the lowest price range of the hotels ? How about the last 3 ? Please show the details and star ratings of these three hotels . Show the details and star ratings of the 3 least expensive hotels.
How many people choose to get to the tourist attractions by walking ?
How many people choose to get to the tourist attractions by walking ? How about by bus ?
How many people choose to get to the tourist attractions by walking ? How about by bus ? Then , which transportation method is the most popular ?
How many people choose to get to the tourist attractions by walking ? How about by bus ? Then , which transportation method is the most popular ? Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions.
How many attraction types are there ?
How many attraction types are there ? What is the description of the attraction with attraction type code being 2 ?
How many attraction types are there ? What is the description of the attraction with attraction type code being 2 ? For each attraction type , how many attractions are there ?
How many attraction types are there ? What is the description of the attraction with attraction type code being 2 ? For each attraction type , how many attractions are there ? Please show the description and code of the attraction type that includes the most tourist attractions .
How many attraction types are there ? What is the description of the attraction with attraction type code being 2 ? For each attraction type , how many attractions are there ? Please show the description and code of the attraction type that includes the most tourist attractions . Show the description and code of the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to.
How many tourist attractions are there ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? For each attraction , how many visits does it have ?
How many tourist attractions are there ? For each attraction , how many visits does it have ? Please also show the ids of these attractions .
How many tourist attractions are there ? For each attraction , how many visits does it have ? Please also show the ids of these attractions . Show different tourist attractions' names, ids, and the corresponding number of visits.
How many tourist attractions have been visited at least once ?
How many tourist attractions have been visited at least once ? How about the number of those that have been visited at least two times ?
How many tourist attractions have been visited at least once ? How about the number of those that have been visited at least two times ? Please show their names and ids .
How many tourist attractions have been visited at least once ? How about the number of those that have been visited at least two times ? Please show their names and ids . Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at least two times.
How many tourist attractions are there at address 660 Shea Crescent ?
How many tourist attractions are there at address 660 Shea Crescent ? How many tourist attractions can be reached by walking ?
How many tourist attractions are there at address 660 Shea Crescent ? How many tourist attractions can be reached by walking ? Please show the names of these tourist attractions or those that are at address 660 Shea Crescent .
How many tourist attractions are there at address 660 Shea Crescent ? How many tourist attractions can be reached by walking ? Please show the names of these tourist attractions or those that are at address 660 Shea Crescent . What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by walk or is at address 660 Shea Crescent?
How many features could be provided by tourist attractions ?
How many features could be provided by tourist attractions ? Please show their details .
How many features could be provided by tourist attractions ? Please show their details . How many tourist attractions have parking as their feature details ?
How many features could be provided by tourist attractions ? Please show their details . How many tourist attractions have parking as their feature details ? How about the number of those that have either parking or shopping as their feature details ?
How many features could be provided by tourist attractions ? Please show their details . How many tourist attractions have parking as their feature details ? How about the number of those that have either parking or shopping as their feature details ? Please show the names of these attractions .
How many features could be provided by tourist attractions ? Please show their details . How many tourist attractions have parking as their feature details ? How about the number of those that have either parking or shopping as their feature details ? Please show the names of these attractions . What are the names of the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details?
How many tourist attractions can be reached by bus ?
How many tourist attractions can be reached by bus ? How about the number of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or are at address 254 Ottilie Junction ?
How many tourist attractions can be reached by bus ? How about the number of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or are at address 254 Ottilie Junction ? Please show the names of these tourist attractions .
How many tourist attractions can be reached by bus ? How about the number of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or are at address 254 Ottilie Junction ? Please show the names of these tourist attractions . What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or is at address 254 Ottilie Junction?
How many tourist attractions are there that Alison has visited ?
How many tourist attractions are there that Alison has visited ? Please show their names .
How many tourist attractions are there that Alison has visited ? Please show their names . What are the names of tourist attractions that Rosalind has visited ?
How many tourist attractions are there that Alison has visited ? Please show their names . What are the names of tourist attractions that Rosalind has visited ? How about the names of tourist attractions that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit ?
How many tourist attractions are there that Alison has visited ? Please show their names . What are the names of tourist attractions that Rosalind has visited ? How about the names of tourist attractions that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit ? What are the names of tourist attraction that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit?
what different poll resources exist ?
what different poll resources exist ? how many are there ?
what different poll resources exist ? how many are there ? which one provides the greatest amount of candidate information ?
what different poll resources exist ? how many are there ? which one provides the greatest amount of candidate information ? Which poll resource provided the most number of candidate information?
what is the highest support rate ?
what is the highest support rate ? show me the top 3 .
what is the highest support rate ? show me the top 3 . what are the top 3 highest support rates?
show the id of the candidate who got the highest oppose rate .
show the id of the candidate who got the highest oppose rate . how about the one with the lowest oppose rate ?
show the id of the candidate who got the highest oppose rate . how about the one with the lowest oppose rate ? Find the id of the candidate who got the lowest oppose rate.
which candidate has the highest oppose rate ?
which candidate has the highest oppose rate ? just show the poll source .
which candidate has the highest oppose rate ? just show the poll source . which poll source does the highest oppose rate come from?
show all males .
show all males . what is their average height ?
show all males . what is their average height ? also what is the average weight ?
show all males . what is their average height ? also what is the average weight ? Find the average height and weight for all males (sex is M).
show the info of people who are taller than 200 .
show the info of people who are taller than 200 . also list the people whose height is lower than 190 .
show the info of people who are taller than 200 . also list the people whose height is lower than 190 . just show their names .
show the info of people who are taller than 200 . also list the people whose height is lower than 190 . just show their names . find the names of people who are taller than 200 or lower than 190.
what is the average weight ?
what is the average weight ? what is the minimum ?
what is the average weight ? what is the minimum ? show these values for each gender .
what is the average weight ? what is the minimum ? show these values for each gender . Find the average and minimum weight for each gender.
order the candidate table by support rate from high to the low .
order the candidate table by support rate from high to the low . what is the name of the candidate in first place ?
order the candidate table by support rate from high to the low . what is the name of the candidate in first place ? show the gender as well .
order the candidate table by support rate from high to the low . what is the name of the candidate in first place ? show the gender as well . Find the name and gender of the candidate who got the highest support rate.
what are the names of all candidates ?
what are the names of all candidates ? among them , whose oppose percentage is the lowest ?
what are the names of all candidates ? among them , whose oppose percentage is the lowest ? for each gender ?
what are the names of all candidates ? among them , whose oppose percentage is the lowest ? for each gender ? Find the name of the candidates whose oppose percentage is the lowest for each sex.
what is the average uncertain ratio of all candidates ?
what is the average uncertain ratio of all candidates ? what are the numbers for each sex ?
what is the average uncertain ratio of all candidates ? what are the numbers for each sex ? which gender got the higher number ?
what is the average uncertain ratio of all candidates ? what are the numbers for each sex ? which gender got the higher number ? which gender got the highest average uncertain ratio.
give me info of all candidates .
give me info of all candidates . what are their names ?
give me info of all candidates . what are their names ? how about those who were not candidates in the election ?
give me info of all candidates . what are their names ? how about those who were not candidates in the election ? what are the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election.
show the name of all candidates with their support and oppose percentages .
show the name of all candidates with their support and oppose percentages . just show those whose support percentage is higher than their oppose rate .
show the name of all candidates with their support and oppose percentages . just show those whose support percentage is higher than their oppose rate . no need to show the support and oppose rates .
show the name of all candidates with their support and oppose percentages . just show those whose support percentage is higher than their oppose rate . no need to show the support and oppose rates . how about those whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate .
show the name of all candidates with their support and oppose percentages . just show those whose support percentage is higher than their oppose rate . no need to show the support and oppose rates . how about those whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate . Find the names of the candidates whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate.
what are the names of people whose weight is less than 85 ?
what are the names of people whose weight is less than 85 ? how about those whose weight is greater than 85 ?
what are the names of people whose weight is less than 85 ? how about those whose weight is greater than 85 ? how many are there in total ?
what are the names of people whose weight is less than 85 ? how about those whose weight is greater than 85 ? how many are there in total ? what is the number for each gender ?
what are the names of people whose weight is less than 85 ? how about those whose weight is greater than 85 ? how many are there in total ? what is the number for each gender ? how many people are there whose weight is higher than 85 for each gender?
what is the highest support percentage for all candidates ?
what is the highest support percentage for all candidates ? how about the lowest consider rate and oppose rate ?
what is the highest support percentage for all candidates ? how about the lowest consider rate and oppose rate ? find the highest support percentage, lowest consider rate and oppose rate of all candidates.
show info for all females ( sex is F ) .
show info for all females ( sex is F ) . who are candidates among them ? Just show their names .
show info for all females ( sex is F ) . who are candidates among them ? Just show their names . list the result in the alphabetical order .
show info for all females ( sex is F ) . who are candidates among them ? Just show their names . list the result in the alphabetical order . list all female (sex is F) candidate names in the alphabetical order.
How many users are there ?
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email .
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email . Among these names , whose name contains Swift ?
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email . Among these names , whose name contains Swift ? Find the name and email of the user whose name contains the word Swift.
How many users are there ?
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email .
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email . How many followers do they have ?
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email . How many followers do they have ? How many users ' emails contain superstar or edu ?
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email . How many followers do they have ? How many users ' emails contain superstar or edu ? Please list their names .
How many users are there ? Please list their names and email . How many followers do they have ? How many users ' emails contain superstar or edu ? Please list their names . Find the names of users whose emails contain superstar or edu.
How many tweets are there ?
How many tweets are there ? Among these tweets , how many of them are about the topic 'intern ' ?
How many tweets are there ? Among these tweets , how many of them are about the topic 'intern ' ? Please show their texts .
How many tweets are there ? Among these tweets , how many of them are about the topic 'intern ' ? Please show their texts . Return the text of tweets about the topic 'intern'.
How many followers does the user named `` Tyler Swift '' have ?
How many followers does the user named `` Tyler Swift '' have ? How many users are there whose number of followers is greater than that of the user named `` Tyler Swift '' ?
How many followers does the user named `` Tyler Swift '' have ? How many users are there whose number of followers is greater than that of the user named `` Tyler Swift '' ? Show the names of these users .
How many followers does the user named `` Tyler Swift '' have ? How many users are there whose number of followers is greater than that of the user named `` Tyler Swift '' ? Show the names of these users . Find the names of the users whose number of followers is greater than that of the user named "Tyler Swift".
Who has the least number of followers ?
Who has the least number of followers ? How many users have more than one follower ?
Who has the least number of followers ? How many users have more than one follower ? Show their names and emails .
Who has the least number of followers ? How many users have more than one follower ? Show their names and emails . Find the name and email for the users who have more than one follower.
How many tweets are there ?
How many tweets are there ? What is the text of the tweet with id 1 ?
How many tweets are there ? What is the text of the tweet with id 1 ? How many tweets does each user have ?
How many tweets are there ? What is the text of the tweet with id 1 ? How many tweets does each user have ? Who has more than one tweet ?
How many tweets are there ? What is the text of the tweet with id 1 ? How many tweets does each user have ? Who has more than one tweet ? Find the names of users who have more than one tweet.
How many followers does Mary have ?
How many followers does Mary have ? How about that of Susan ?
How many followers does Mary have ? How about that of Susan ? Who is followed by either one of them ?
How many followers does Mary have ? How about that of Susan ? Who is followed by either one of them ? What are their ids ?
How many followers does Mary have ? How about that of Susan ? Who is followed by either one of them ? What are their ids ? Find the id of users who are followed by Mary or Susan.
Who has the most followers ?
Who has the most followers ? What is the minimum number of followers of all users ?
Who has the most followers ? What is the minimum number of followers of all users ? Please show the name of the user with that number of followers .
Who has the most followers ? What is the minimum number of followers of all users ? Please show the name of the user with that number of followers . Please also show the email .
Who has the most followers ? What is the minimum number of followers of all users ? Please show the name of the user with that number of followers . Please also show the email . Find the name and email of the user followed by the least number of people.
How many followers does each user have ?
How many followers does each user have ? Who has the most followers ?
How many followers does each user have ? Who has the most followers ? Which top 5 users have the most followers ?
How many followers does each user have ? Who has the most followers ? Which top 5 users have the most followers ? List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users.
How many users are there ?
How many users are there ? Show their names .
How many users are there ? Show their names . Please also show the number of tweets tweeted by each of them .
How many users are there ? Show their names . Please also show the number of tweets tweeted by each of them . Find the name of each user and number of tweets tweeted by each of them.
How many users tweeted less than twice ?
How many users tweeted less than twice ? Show their names .
How many users tweeted less than twice ? Show their names . Please also show their partition id
How many users tweeted less than twice ? Show their names . Please also show their partition id Find the name and partition id for users who tweeted less than twice.
How many users have some tweets ?
How many users have some tweets ? How about the number of users that have tweeted more than once ?
How many users have some tweets ? How about the number of users that have tweeted more than once ? Show their names and number of tweets tweeted by them .
How many users have some tweets ? How about the number of users that have tweeted more than once ? Show their names and number of tweets tweeted by them . Find the name of the user who tweeted more than once, and number of tweets tweeted by them.
How many users have some tweets ?
How many users have some tweets ? Show the name of these users and their number of followers .
How many users have some tweets ? Show the name of these users and their number of followers . What is the average number of followers for these users ?
How many users have some tweets ? Show the name of these users and their number of followers . What is the average number of followers for these users ? Find the average number of followers for the users who had some tweets.
What is the id of the customer who made the most recent order ?
What is the id of the customer who made the most recent order ? What 's its status ?
What is the id of the customer who made the most recent order ? What 's its status ? What 's its id ?
What is the id of the customer who made the most recent order ? What 's its status ? What 's its id ? What is the id of the most recent order?
When was the oldest order placed ?
When was the oldest order placed ? What 's the id of the customer who placed it ?
When was the oldest order placed ? What 's the id of the customer who placed it ? What 's the id of the order ?
When was the oldest order placed ? What 's the id of the customer who placed it ? What 's the id of the order ? Show me both id 's .
When was the oldest order placed ? What 's the id of the customer who placed it ? What 's the id of the order ? Show me both id 's . what are the order id and customer id of the oldest order?
Show me all the orders with status `` Packing ''
Show me all the orders with status `` Packing '' Who made those orders ?
Show me all the orders with status `` Packing '' Who made those orders ? Show me the distinct customer names .
Show me all the orders with status `` Packing '' Who made those orders ? Show me the distinct customer names . List the name of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "Packing".
Show me all the orders with status `` On Road ''
Show me all the orders with status `` On Road '' Who made those orders ?
Show me all the orders with status `` On Road '' Who made those orders ? Show me the distinct customer names .
Show me all the orders with status `` On Road '' Who made those orders ? Show me the distinct customer names . Find the details of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "On Road".
What is the id of the customer who has the most orders ?
What is the id of the customer who has the most orders ? Show me details
What is the id of the customer who has the most orders ? Show me details Show me his or her name .
What is the id of the customer who has the most orders ? Show me details Show me his or her name . What is the name of the customer who has the most orders?
What is the name of the customer who has the most orders ?
What is the name of the customer who has the most orders ? What 's his or her id ?
What is the name of the customer who has the most orders ? What 's his or her id ? What is the customer id of the customer who has the most orders?
Any customer named Jeramie ?
Any customer named Jeramie ? Show me the status of his orders
Any customer named Jeramie ? Show me the status of his orders Show me the id 's of his orders as well .
Any customer named Jeramie ? Show me the status of his orders Show me the id 's of his orders as well . Give me a list of id and status of orders which belong to the customer named "Jeramie".
Any customer named Jeramie ?
Any customer named Jeramie ? Show me the status of his orders
Any customer named Jeramie ? Show me the status of his orders Now show me the dates of those orders .
Any customer named Jeramie ? Show me the status of his orders Now show me the dates of those orders . Find the dates of orders which belong to the customer named "Jeramie".
Show me the orders placed between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01 .
Show me the orders placed between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01 . Show me the customers who made those orders .
Show me the orders placed between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01 . Show me the customers who made those orders . Give me the names of customers who have placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01.
Show me the orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01 .
Show me the orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01 . Show me the product ids of those orders .
Show me the orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01 . Show me the product ids of those orders . Give me a list of distinct product ids from orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01?
Find me customers who have order status `` On Road '' .
Find me customers who have order status `` On Road '' . Now find me customers who have order status `` Shipped '' .
Find me customers who have order status `` On Road '' . Now find me customers who have order status `` Shipped '' . Now show me customers with both of those order statuses .
Find me customers who have order status `` On Road '' . Now find me customers who have order status `` Shipped '' . Now show me customers with both of those order statuses . Find the names of the customers who have order status both "On Road" and "Shipped".
Find me ids of customers who have order status `` On Road '' .
Find me ids of customers who have order status `` On Road '' . Now find me ids of customers who have order status `` Shipped '' .
Find me ids of customers who have order status `` On Road '' . Now find me ids of customers who have order status `` Shipped '' . Now show me ids of customers with both of those order statuses .
Find me ids of customers who have order status `` On Road '' . Now find me ids of customers who have order status `` Shipped '' . Now show me ids of customers with both of those order statuses . Find the id of the customers who have order status both "On Road" and "Shipped".
Show me the order with shipment tracking number 3452 .
Show me the order with shipment tracking number 3452 . When was that order placed ?
Show me the order with shipment tracking number 3452 . When was that order placed ? When was the order placed whose shipment tracking number is 3452? Give me the date.
Show me the order with invoice number 10 .
Show me the order with invoice number 10 . When was that order placed ? Give me the date .
Show me the order with invoice number 10 . When was that order placed ? Give me the date . What is the placement date of the order whose invoice number is 10?
Show me all the products .
Show me all the products . Show me only the products that have been ordered .
Show me all the products . Show me only the products that have been ordered . Show me only the count and id of each product
Show me all the products . Show me only the products that have been ordered . Show me only the count and id of each product List the count and id of each product in all the orders.
Show me all the products .
Show me all the products . Show me only the products that have been ordered .
Show me all the products . Show me only the products that have been ordered . Show me only the name and count of each product
Show me all the products . Show me only the products that have been ordered . Show me only the name and count of each product List the name and count of each product in all orders.
Show me the 10 most recently shipped orders .
Show me the 10 most recently shipped orders . Ok , show me only the most recent one .
Show me the 10 most recently shipped orders . Ok , show me only the most recent one . Show me its id .
Show me the 10 most recently shipped orders . Ok , show me only the most recent one . Show me its id . Find the id of the order which is shipped most recently.
Who ordered the order with most items ?
Who ordered the order with most items ? What is its order id ?
Who ordered the order with most items ? What is its order id ? What is the id of the order which has the most items?
What is the id of the order with the most items ?
What is the id of the order with the most items ? What is the id of the customer who ordered it ?
What is the id of the order with the most items ? What is the id of the customer who ordered it ? What is the name of the customer who has the largest number of orders?
Show me all the dates between 1989-09-03 and 2007-12-25 that invoice number was created .
Show me all the dates between 1989-09-03 and 2007-12-25 that invoice number was created . Sorry , I meant dates before 1989-09-03 and after 2007-12-25 .
Show me all the dates between 1989-09-03 and 2007-12-25 that invoice number was created . Sorry , I meant dates before 1989-09-03 and after 2007-12-25 . Now show me their invoice numbers .
Show me all the dates between 1989-09-03 and 2007-12-25 that invoice number was created . Sorry , I meant dates before 1989-09-03 and after 2007-12-25 . Now show me their invoice numbers . Find the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25.
Show me all the details of invoices created between 1989-09-03 and 2007-12-25 .
Show me all the details of invoices created between 1989-09-03 and 2007-12-25 . Now show me the distinct details of all the other invoices .
Show me all the details of invoices created between 1989-09-03 and 2007-12-25 . Now show me the distinct details of all the other invoices . Find the distinct details of invoices which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25.
Show me the names of all customers who have at least two orders .
Show me the names of all customers who have at least two orders . Show me the number of orders each of them made as well .
Show me the names of all customers who have at least two orders . Show me the number of orders each of them made as well . For each customer who has at least two orders, find the customer name and number of orders made.
Show me the names of all customers who have at least two orders .
Show me the names of all customers who have at least two orders . Now show me names of customers who have at most two orders .
Show me the names of all customers who have at least two orders . Now show me names of customers who have at most two orders . Find the name of the customers who have at most two orders.
List the ids of the customers who have once bought product `` food '' .
List the ids of the customers who have once bought product `` food '' . Now list the names .
List the ids of the customers who have once bought product `` food '' . Now list the names . List the names of the customers who have once bought product "food".
What is the most recent log_entry_date ?
What is the most recent log_entry_date ? the latest ?
What is the most recent log_entry_date ? the latest ? what is the product id that has this ?
What is the most recent log_entry_date ? the latest ? what is the product id that has this ? What is the id of the problem log that is created most recently?
How many problem logs are there ?
How many problem logs are there ? Of those , what is the oldest entry date used ?
How many problem logs are there ? Of those , what is the oldest entry date used ? Show all the problem_log information for this date !
How many problem logs are there ? Of those , what is the oldest entry date used ? Show all the problem_log information for this date ! Actually , just show the log id and problem id .
How many problem logs are there ? Of those , what is the oldest entry date used ? Show all the problem_log information for this date ! Actually , just show the log id and problem id . What is the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id?
How many problem logs have to do with problem id 1 ?
How many problem logs have to do with problem id 1 ? Show the log ids , dates , descriptions for these .
How many problem logs have to do with problem id 1 ? Show the log ids , dates , descriptions for these . Also show the staff for each .
How many problem logs have to do with problem id 1 ? Show the log ids , dates , descriptions for these . Also show the staff for each . Can you give me a distinct list of the names of all staff members !
How many problem logs have to do with problem id 1 ? Show the log ids , dates , descriptions for these . Also show the staff for each . Can you give me a distinct list of the names of all staff members ! List the first and last names of all distinct staff members who are assigned to the problem whose id is 1.
What are the problem reported by named Ryan Homenick .
What are the problem reported by named Ryan Homenick . How about the problems on which closure is authorized by him ?
What are the problem reported by named Ryan Homenick . How about the problems on which closure is authorized by him ? Actually can you show the different problem_logs that he is assigned to !
What are the problem reported by named Ryan Homenick . How about the problems on which closure is authorized by him ? Actually can you show the different problem_logs that he is assigned to ! For these , show the distinct problem ids and log ids !
What are the problem reported by named Ryan Homenick . How about the problems on which closure is authorized by him ? Actually can you show the different problem_logs that he is assigned to ! For these , show the distinct problem ids and log ids ! List the problem id and log id which are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick.
Show me all the problems on the product with name voluptatem .
Show me all the problems on the product with name voluptatem . What are the statuses of each ?
Show me all the problems on the product with name voluptatem . What are the statuses of each ? How many are solved ?
Show me all the problems on the product with name voluptatem . What are the statuses of each ? How many are solved ? Actually how many are there in total ?
Show me all the problems on the product with name voluptatem . What are the statuses of each ? How many are solved ? Actually how many are there in total ? How many problems are there for product voluptatem?
How many problems are there ?
How many problems are there ? What products are they associated with ?
How many problems are there ? What products are they associated with ? Now show how many problems exist per product name ?
How many problems are there ? What products are they associated with ? Now show how many problems exist per product name ? Which one has the most problems ?
How many problems are there ? What products are they associated with ? Now show how many problems exist per product name ? Which one has the most problems ? How many problems does the product with the most problems have? List the number of the problems and product name.
How many staff members have the first name Christop .
How many staff members have the first name Christop . What problem are these members authorized to close !
How many staff members have the first name Christop . What problem are these members authorized to close ! How about what problems have these members reported !
How many staff members have the first name Christop . What problem are these members authorized to close ! How about what problems have these members reported ! List just the problem descriptions for each ?
How many staff members have the first name Christop . What problem are these members authorized to close ! How about what problems have these members reported ! List just the problem descriptions for each ? Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop.
List all the problem ids !
List all the problem ids ! What are the names of the staff members that reported each !
List all the problem ids ! What are the names of the staff members that reported each ! Show me the ids of those reported by the last name Bosco !
List all the problem ids ! What are the names of the staff members that reported each ! Show me the ids of those reported by the last name Bosco ! Find the ids of the problems that are reported by the staff whose last name is Bosco.
How many products do not have any problems ?
How many products do not have any problems ? What are they ?
How many products do not have any problems ? What are they ? Show all the different ids of the products other than these !
How many products do not have any problems ? What are they ? Show all the different ids of the products other than these ! Also provide the number of problems they each have !
How many products do not have any problems ? What are they ? Show all the different ids of the products other than these ! Also provide the number of problems they each have ! For each product which has problems, what are the number of problems and the product id?
How many problems were reported on or before 1986-11-13 ?
How many problems were reported on or before 1986-11-13 ? how about after ?
How many problems were reported on or before 1986-11-13 ? how about after ? Show me their problem ids and product ids !
How many problems were reported on or before 1986-11-13 ? how about after ? Show me their problem ids and product ids ! For these , show the number of problems by product id !
How many problems were reported on or before 1986-11-13 ? how about after ? Show me their problem ids and product ids ! For these , show the number of problems by product id ! For each product that has problems, find the number of problems reported after 1986-11-13 and the product id?
What are all the products reported by staff named Jolie Weber ?
What are all the products reported by staff named Jolie Weber ? How about Dameon Fami ?
What are all the products reported by staff named Jolie Weber ? How about Dameon Fami ? Which products are reported by either one ?
What are all the products reported by staff named Jolie Weber ? How about Dameon Fami ? Which products are reported by either one ? What are their ids ?
What are all the products reported by staff named Jolie Weber ? How about Dameon Fami ? Which products are reported by either one ? What are their ids ? What are the id of problems reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber?
For each problem , What are the different names of staff members who can authorize closure !
For each problem , What are the different names of staff members who can authorize closure ! Also provide the product_ids !
For each problem , What are the different names of staff members who can authorize closure ! Also provide the product_ids ! Show me the product ids that have closure authorized by Ashley Medhurst !
For each problem , What are the different names of staff members who can authorize closure ! Also provide the product_ids ! Show me the product ids that have closure authorized by Ashley Medhurst ! Of those , only those that were reported by Christop Beege !
For each problem , What are the different names of staff members who can authorize closure ! Also provide the product_ids ! Show me the product ids that have closure authorized by Ashley Medhurst ! Of those , only those that were reported by Christop Beege ! What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst?
How many problems has staff named Lysanne Turcotte reported ?
How many problems has staff named Lysanne Turcotte reported ? Show me their ids , and problem descriptions .
How many problems has staff named Lysanne Turcotte reported ? Show me their ids , and problem descriptions . What is the oldest date these were reported ?
How many problems has staff named Lysanne Turcotte reported ? Show me their ids , and problem descriptions . What is the oldest date these were reported ? Show me the ids of all the other problems that were reported before this date ! :
How many problems has staff named Lysanne Turcotte reported ? Show me their ids , and problem descriptions . What is the oldest date these were reported ? Show me the ids of all the other problems that were reported before this date ! : What are the ids of the problems reported before the date of any problem reported by Lysanne Turcotte?
What are all the names of the staff members that have reported problems ?
What are all the names of the staff members that have reported problems ? What was the problem id and date of the last problem they each reported ?
What are all the names of the staff members that have reported problems ? What was the problem id and date of the last problem they each reported ? Show me the date for staff named Ryan Homenick
What are all the names of the staff members that have reported problems ? What was the problem id and date of the last problem they each reported ? Show me the date for staff named Ryan Homenick Now show any problem id that was reported after this date !
What are all the names of the staff members that have reported problems ? What was the problem id and date of the last problem they each reported ? Show me the date for staff named Ryan Homenick Now show any problem id that was reported after this date ! What are the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by Rylan Homenick?
Show me all different products with problems !
Show me all different products with problems ! How many problems do they each have for each product name ?
Show me all different products with problems ! How many problems do they each have for each product name ? Show me the names of the products in the bottom 3 !
Show me all different products with problems ! How many problems do they each have for each product name ? Show me the names of the products in the bottom 3 ! What about the top 3 ?
Show me all different products with problems ! How many problems do they each have for each product name ? Show me the names of the products in the bottom 3 ! What about the top 3 ? Find the top 3 products which have the largest number of problems?
What are all the problems that are reported after 1995 ?
What are all the problems that are reported after 1995 ? Show the product names that each are associated with ?
What are all the problems that are reported after 1995 ? Show the product names that each are associated with ? Show the ids of the ones with the product named Rose .
What are all the problems that are reported after 1995 ? Show the product names that each are associated with ? Show the ids of the ones with the product named Rose . How about those with the product named voluptatem
What are all the problems that are reported after 1995 ? Show the product names that each are associated with ? Show the ids of the ones with the product named Rose . How about those with the product named voluptatem List the ids of the problems FROM the product "voluptatem" that are reported after 1995?
What are first and last names of all the staff members ?
What are first and last names of all the staff members ? Which ones reported on problems with products named `` rem '' or `` aut '' ?
What are first and last names of all the staff members ? Which ones reported on problems with products named `` rem '' or `` aut '' ? Of these , who reported on `` rem '' ?
What are first and last names of all the staff members ? Which ones reported on problems with products named `` rem '' or `` aut '' ? Of these , who reported on `` rem '' ? Of these , who did not report on `` aut ''
What are first and last names of all the staff members ? Which ones reported on problems with products named `` rem '' or `` aut '' ? Of these , who reported on `` rem '' ? Of these , who did not report on `` aut '' Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems FROM the product "rem" but not "aut"?
What are the course names ?
What are the course names ? Which course has the least number of registered students ?
What are the course names ? Which course has the least number of registered students ? Most number ?
What are the course names ? Which course has the least number of registered students ? Most number ? which course has most number of registered students?
What are the course ids that students registered for ?
What are the course ids that students registered for ? What about student ids .
What are the course ids that students registered for ? What about student ids . Which one registered for the least number of courses .
What are the course ids that students registered for ? What about student ids . Which one registered for the least number of courses . what is id of students who registered some courses but the least number of courses in these students?
Who are the students ? Give the id and details .
Who are the students ? Give the id and details . Which students attend courses ?
Who are the students ? Give the id and details . Which students attend courses ? Which ones do not ? Just give the student id .
Who are the students ? Give the id and details . Which students attend courses ? Which ones do not ? Just give the student id . List the id of students who never attends courses?
What is the course id of the most recent course registration ?
What is the course id of the most recent course registration ? Give the student id instead .
What is the course id of the most recent course registration ? Give the student id instead . Give the student details .
What is the course id of the most recent course registration ? Give the student id instead . Give the student details . What is detail of the student who most recently registered course?
Which students attended the course with course id 301 ?
Which students attended the course with course id 301 ? Count how many did so .
Which students attended the course with course id 301 ? Count how many did so . What about the course English ?
Which students attended the course with course id 301 ? Count how many did so . What about the course English ? How many students attend course English?
What are the dates of attendance for the student with id 141 ?
What are the dates of attendance for the student with id 141 ? With id 171 ?
What are the dates of attendance for the student with id 141 ? With id 171 ? What are the courses that this student attends ? Give the course names .
What are the dates of attendance for the student with id 141 ? With id 171 ? What are the courses that this student attends ? Give the course names . How many are there ?
What are the dates of attendance for the student with id 141 ? With id 171 ? What are the courses that this student attends ? Give the course names . How many are there ? How many courses do the student whose id is 171 attend?
What is the first name of the candidate with login name mkou ?
What is the first name of the candidate with login name mkou ? Give the candidate id instead .
What is the first name of the candidate with login name mkou ? Give the candidate id instead . Find the same for the candidate with emailstanley.monahan @ example.org .
What is the first name of the candidate with login name mkou ? Give the candidate id instead . Find the same for the candidate with emailstanley.monahan @ example.org . Find id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan@example.org?
What is the oldest date of assessment of the candidates ?
What is the oldest date of assessment of the candidates ? Most recent ?
What is the oldest date of assessment of the candidates ? Most recent ? Give the candidate id instead .
What is the oldest date of assessment of the candidates ? Most recent ? Give the candidate id instead . Find id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course?
Which student registered for the least number of courses ? Give the student id .
Which student registered for the least number of courses ? Give the student id . Most number of courses ?
Which student registered for the least number of courses ? Give the student id . Most number of courses ? Give the student details .
Which student registered for the least number of courses ? Give the student id . Most number of courses ? Give the student details . What are the details of the student who registered the most number of courses?
How many students registered for each course ?
How many students registered for each course ? How many courses did each student register for ?
How many students registered for each course ? How many courses did each student register for ? Give the student id as well .
How many students registered for each course ? How many courses did each student register for ? Give the student id as well . List the id of students who registered some courses and the number of their registered courses?
How many registered students are there ?
How many registered students are there ? How many are there for each course ?
How many registered students are there ? How many are there for each course ? Give the course name as well .
How many registered students are there ? How many are there for each course ? Give the course name as well . How many registered students does each course have? List course name and the number of their registered students.
Find the qualifications of the candidates with assessment code `` Pass ''
Find the qualifications of the candidates with assessment code `` Pass '' Give their candidate details instead .
Find the qualifications of the candidates with assessment code `` Pass '' Give their candidate details instead . What about with assessment code `` Fail ''
Find the qualifications of the candidates with assessment code `` Pass '' Give their candidate details instead . What about with assessment code `` Fail '' Find the cell mobile number instead .
Find the qualifications of the candidates with assessment code `` Pass '' Give their candidate details instead . What about with assessment code `` Fail '' Find the cell mobile number instead . Find the cell mobile number of the candidates whose assessment code is "Fail"?
Give the most recently attended course .
Give the most recently attended course . What about for the course 301 ?
Give the most recently attended course . What about for the course 301 ? Give the student id instead .
Give the most recently attended course . What about for the course 301 ? Give the student id instead . What is the id of the student who most recently attended course is 301?
What are the distinct address ids of the people ?
What are the distinct address ids of the people ? Give the same for the students .
What are the distinct address ids of the people ? Give the same for the students . Give their cities of addresses too .
What are the distinct address ids of the people ? Give the same for the students . Give their cities of addresses too . Find distinct cities of address of students?
What are the ids of students who registered courses ?
What are the ids of students who registered courses ? What about for students who also attended courses ?
What are the ids of students who registered courses ? What about for students who also attended courses ? Give the ids for students who did either .
What are the ids of students who registered courses ? What about for students who also attended courses ? Give the ids for students who did either . What are the id of students who registered courses or attended courses?
Find the course ids of the courses registered by the student with id 171 .
Find the course ids of the courses registered by the student with id 171 . Find the same for the student with id 121 .
Find the course ids of the courses registered by the student with id 171 . Find the same for the student with id 121 . Give also the id of courses which are attended by that student .
Find the course ids of the courses registered by the student with id 171 . Find the same for the student with id 121 . Give also the id of courses which are attended by that student . Find the id of courses which are registered or attended by student whose id is 121?
How many students registered for courses ?
How many students registered for courses ? Of them , how many did not attend course 301 ?
How many students registered for courses ? Of them , how many did not attend course 301 ? How many did not even attend any course ?
How many students registered for courses ? Of them , how many did not attend course 301 ? How many did not even attend any course ? Give all the info instead .
How many students registered for courses ? Of them , how many did not attend course 301 ? How many did not even attend any course ? Give all the info instead . What are all info of students who registered courses but not attended courses?
Give the registration dates of registrations for the course 305 .
Give the registration dates of registrations for the course 305 . How about for the course statistics ?
Give the registration dates of registrations for the course 305 . How about for the course statistics ? Give the student ids , ordered by the registration date .
Give the registration dates of registrations for the course 305 . How about for the course statistics ? Give the student ids , ordered by the registration date . List the id of students who registered course statistics in the order of registration date.
What are the names of the wrestlers ?
What are the names of the wrestlers ? Who has the most number of days held
What are the names of the wrestlers ? Who has the most number of days held Least number instead .
What are the names of the wrestlers ? Who has the most number of days held Least number instead . What is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held?
What are the teams in elimination ?
What are the teams in elimination ? Show the respective names of the wrestlers .
What are the teams in elimination ? Show the respective names of the wrestlers . Order this by increasing time .
What are the teams in elimination ? Show the respective names of the wrestlers . Order this by increasing time . Decreasing instead .
What are the teams in elimination ? Show the respective names of the wrestlers . Order this by increasing time . Decreasing instead . Sort by days held in the same order .
What are the teams in elimination ? Show the respective names of the wrestlers . Order this by increasing time . Decreasing instead . Sort by days held in the same order . List the names of wrestlers and the teams in elimination in descending order of days held.
Which wrestler has the largest reign ?
Which wrestler has the largest reign ? Largest days held instead .
Which wrestler has the largest reign ? Largest days held instead . List the elimination move of this , not the name .
Which wrestler has the largest reign ? Largest days held instead . List the elimination move of this , not the name . List the elimination time instead .
Which wrestler has the largest reign ? Largest days held instead . List the elimination move of this , not the name . List the elimination time instead . List the time of elimination of the wrestlers with largest days held.
What are the names of the wrestlers who have more than 1 reign ?
What are the names of the wrestlers who have more than 1 reign ? More than 50 days held instead .
What are the names of the wrestlers who have more than 1 reign ? More than 50 days held instead . Give the times of elimination only .
What are the names of the wrestlers who have more than 1 reign ? More than 50 days held instead . Give the times of elimination only . Show times of elimination of wrestlers with days held more than 50.
What are the teams who have suffered elimination ?
What are the teams who have suffered elimination ? Which ones have had only two eliminations ?
What are the teams who have suffered elimination ? Which ones have had only two eliminations ? Which ones have had more than three ?
What are the teams who have suffered elimination ? Which ones have had only two eliminations ? Which ones have had more than three ? Show teams that have suffered more than three eliminations.
Show the reigns of the wrestlers .
Show the reigns of the wrestlers . What is the least common reign ?
Show the reigns of the wrestlers . What is the least common reign ? Opposite ?
Show the reigns of the wrestlers . What is the least common reign ? Opposite ? Please show the most common reigns of wrestlers.
List the events of the wrestlers .
List the events of the wrestlers . Locations instead .
List the events of the wrestlers . Locations instead . Which ones are shared by one wrestler ?
List the events of the wrestlers . Locations instead . Which ones are shared by one wrestler ? More than two instead ?
List the events of the wrestlers . Locations instead . Which ones are shared by one wrestler ? More than two instead ? List the locations that are shared by more than two wrestlers.
Show the names of the wrestlers .
Show the names of the wrestlers . Who has been eliminated ?
Show the names of the wrestlers . Who has been eliminated ? Who has n't been ?
Show the names of the wrestlers . Who has been eliminated ? Who has n't been ? List the names of wrestlers that have not been eliminated.
Give the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by the move `` Go To Sleep ''
Give the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by the move `` Go To Sleep '' How about the ones eliminated by `` Orton ''
Give the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by the move `` Go To Sleep '' How about the ones eliminated by `` Orton '' Give the ones that were also eliminated by `` Benjamin ''
Give the teams that have wrestlers eliminated by the move `` Go To Sleep '' How about the ones eliminated by `` Orton '' Give the ones that were also eliminated by `` Benjamin '' Show the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by "Orton" and wrestlers eliminated by "Benjamin".
How many residents are there total ?
How many residents are there total ? How many different properties are there ?
How many residents are there total ? How many different properties are there ? Show the property id and count of residents for the property with the most residents .
How many residents are there total ? How many different properties are there ? Show the property id and count of residents for the property with the most residents . Show this data for each property .
How many residents are there total ? How many different properties are there ? Show the property id and count of residents for the property with the most residents . Show this data for each property . How many residents does each property have? List property id and resident count.
What is the id of the parent organization to the 'Robel-Schulist Group ' ?
What is the id of the parent organization to the 'Robel-Schulist Group ' ? What is the detail of this organization id ?
What is the id of the parent organization to the 'Robel-Schulist Group ' ? What is the detail of this organization id ? What are the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party ' ?
What is the id of the parent organization to the 'Robel-Schulist Group ' ? What is the detail of this organization id ? What are the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party ' ? What is the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party'?
How many residential services were requested ?
How many residential services were requested ? How about for each resident ?
How many residential services were requested ? How about for each resident ? Also show the other details for each resident .
How many residential services were requested ? How about for each resident ? Also show the other details for each resident . Order the previous table in descending order of the number of requests .
How many residential services were requested ? How about for each resident ? Also show the other details for each resident . Order the previous table in descending order of the number of requests . How many services has each resident requested? List the resident id, details, and the count in descending order of the count.
Show the ID numbers for all the different services that are available .
Show the ID numbers for all the different services that are available . How many times has a resident service of the type 'Moving Out ' been provided ?
Show the ID numbers for all the different services that are available . How many times has a resident service of the type 'Moving Out ' been provided ? Which services have not been provided , if any ?
Show the ID numbers for all the different services that are available . How many times has a resident service of the type 'Moving Out ' been provided ? Which services have not been provided , if any ? What is the most number of times any particular service was provided ?
Show the ID numbers for all the different services that are available . How many times has a resident service of the type 'Moving Out ' been provided ? Which services have not been provided , if any ? What is the most number of times any particular service was provided ? What service was it ? Show the service_id and service_details .
Show the ID numbers for all the different services that are available . How many times has a resident service of the type 'Moving Out ' been provided ? Which services have not been provided , if any ? What is the most number of times any particular service was provided ? What service was it ? Show the service_id and service_details . What is the maximum number that a certain service is provided? List the service id, details and number.
Show the customer id numbers for those who have events .
Show the customer id numbers for those who have events . How about those with at least 3 ?
Show the customer id numbers for those who have events . How about those with at least 3 ? Also show customer details .
Show the customer id numbers for those who have events . How about those with at least 3 ? Also show customer details . What are the id and details of the customers who have at least 3 events?
Show any customer event id numbers that have corresponding notes .
Show any customer event id numbers that have corresponding notes . How many appear have more than 5 notes ?
Show any customer event id numbers that have corresponding notes . How many appear have more than 5 notes ? How about between 1 and 3 notes ? Also show property id .
Show any customer event id numbers that have corresponding notes . How many appear have more than 5 notes ? How about between 1 and 3 notes ? Also show property id . Which events have the number of notes between one and three? List the event id and the property id.
What is the earliest status record date ?
What is the earliest status record date ? Which things have a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21 ' ?
What is the earliest status record date ? Which things have a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21 ' ? Also show the things that have the status 'Close ' .
What is the earliest status record date ? Which things have a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21 ' ? Also show the things that have the status 'Close ' . Show the distinct ids and also the type of thing .
What is the earliest status record date ? Which things have a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21 ' ? Also show the things that have the status 'Close ' . Show the distinct ids and also the type of thing . What are the distinct id and type of the thing that has the status 'Close' or has a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21'
What are all the different types of service details for things ?
What are all the different types of service details for things ? How many of each ?
What are all the different types of service details for things ? How many of each ? Show only the things with the detail being 'Unsatisfied ' .
What are all the different types of service details for things ? How many of each ? Show only the things with the detail being 'Unsatisfied ' . At how many distinct locations have they been located ?
What are all the different types of service details for things ? How many of each ? Show only the things with the detail being 'Unsatisfied ' . At how many distinct locations have they been located ? How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied' been located in?
What are all the different parent organization ids ?
What are all the different parent organization ids ? How many organizations are their own parent ?
What are all the different parent organization ids ? How many organizations are their own parent ? Which organizations are not a parent to any others ?
What are all the different parent organization ids ? How many organizations are their own parent ? Which organizations are not a parent to any others ? Which organizations are not a parent organization of others? List the organization id.
Order the resident list alphabetically by other details .
Order the resident list alphabetically by other details . How many residents have the title of 'Prof ' ?
Order the resident list alphabetically by other details . How many residents have the title of 'Prof ' ? Alright , what about 'Miss ' ?
Order the resident list alphabetically by other details . How many residents have the title of 'Prof ' ? Alright , what about 'Miss ' ? What are the resident details containing the substring 'Miss'?
What are the different attribute data types ?
What are the different attribute data types ? How many attributes are of each type ?
What are the different attribute data types ? How many attributes are of each type ? What datatypes have more than 1 ?
What are the different attribute data types ? How many attributes are of each type ? What datatypes have more than 1 ? How about more than 3 ?
What are the different attribute data types ? How many attributes are of each type ? What datatypes have more than 1 ? How about more than 3 ? Find the list of attribute data types possessed by more than 3 attribute definitions.
How many different catalog publishers are there ?
How many different catalog publishers are there ? How many have a name that contaSELECT count ( distinct ( catalog_publisher ) ) FROM catalogs WHERE catalog_publisher LIKE `` % Murray % '' ins `` Murray ''
How many different catalog publishers are there ? How many have a name that contaSELECT count ( distinct ( catalog_publisher ) ) FROM catalogs WHERE catalog_publisher LIKE `` % Murray % '' ins `` Murray '' Which ones ?
How many different catalog publishers are there ? How many have a name that contaSELECT count ( distinct ( catalog_publisher ) ) FROM catalogs WHERE catalog_publisher LIKE `` % Murray % '' ins `` Murray '' Which ones ? Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains "Murray"
List all the catalog ids and their respective catalog publisher ?
List all the catalog ids and their respective catalog publisher ? How many catalogs have each publisher published ?
List all the catalog ids and their respective catalog publisher ? How many catalogs have each publisher published ? Which publisher has the least ?
List all the catalog ids and their respective catalog publisher ? How many catalogs have each publisher published ? Which publisher has the least ? How about the most ?
List all the catalog ids and their respective catalog publisher ? How many catalogs have each publisher published ? Which publisher has the least ? How about the most ? Which catalog publisher has published the most catalogs?
Show all the catalog information and their respective levels numbers !
Show all the catalog information and their respective levels numbers ! Show me only those with a level number greater than five .
Show all the catalog information and their respective levels numbers ! Show me only those with a level number greater than five . Show me just the names of these catalogs ?
Show all the catalog information and their respective levels numbers ! Show me only those with a level number greater than five . Show me just the names of these catalogs ? Also show their publication dates .
Show all the catalog information and their respective levels numbers ! Show me only those with a level number greater than five . Show me just the names of these catalogs ? Also show their publication dates . Find the names and publication dates of all catalogs that have catalog level number greater than 5.
How many different attributes are there ?
How many different attributes are there ? What is the id of the one that is used in the most catalog content entries ?
How many different attributes are there ? What is the id of the one that is used in the most catalog content entries ? Which catalog content entries use this attribute value ?
How many different attributes are there ? What is the id of the one that is used in the most catalog content entries ? Which catalog content entries use this attribute value ? Show me just their catalog entry names ?
How many different attributes are there ? What is the id of the one that is used in the most catalog content entries ? Which catalog content entries use this attribute value ? Show me just their catalog entry names ? What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute possessed by most entries.
What are prices of each catalog entry id ?
What are prices of each catalog entry id ? Show me only the prices in USD !
What are prices of each catalog entry id ? Show me only the prices in USD ! Which are the contents of the catalog with the highest one ?
What are prices of each catalog entry id ? Show me only the prices in USD ! Which are the contents of the catalog with the highest one ? What is its entry name ?
What are prices of each catalog entry id ? Show me only the prices in USD ! Which are the contents of the catalog with the highest one ? What is its entry name ? What is the entry name of the most expensive catalog (in USD)?
What are the prices of each catalog in USD ?
What are the prices of each catalog in USD ? What is the one with the highest price ?
What are the prices of each catalog in USD ? What is the one with the highest price ? How about the lowest ?
What are the prices of each catalog in USD ? What is the one with the highest price ? How about the lowest ? What is its catalog level name ?
What are the prices of each catalog in USD ? What is the one with the highest price ? How about the lowest ? What is its catalog level name ? What is the level name of the cheapest catalog (in USD)?
What are all the catalog entry names ?
What are all the catalog entry names ? What are the prices in euros of each ?
What are all the catalog entry names ? What are the prices in euros of each ? Show me the average price in euros !
What are all the catalog entry names ? What are the prices in euros of each ? Show me the average price in euros ! Also provide the lowest price !
What are all the catalog entry names ? What are the prices in euros of each ? Show me the average price in euros ! Also provide the lowest price ! What are the average and minimum price (in Euro) of all products?
Show the name , length , height , and width of every catalog product .
Show the name , length , height , and width of every catalog product . Can you show me the list sorted on width FROM greatest to least !
Show the name , length , height , and width of every catalog product . Can you show me the list sorted on width FROM greatest to least ! How about based on height !
Show the name , length , height , and width of every catalog product . Can you show me the list sorted on width FROM greatest to least ! How about based on height ! Show me the entry_name of just the first row !
Show the name , length , height , and width of every catalog product . Can you show me the list sorted on width FROM greatest to least ! How about based on height ! Show me the entry_name of just the first row ! What is the product with the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
What are the distinct capacity each catalog can have ?
What are the distinct capacity each catalog can have ? Which one is the most common ?
What are the distinct capacity each catalog can have ? Which one is the most common ? Which one is the smallest ?
What are the distinct capacity each catalog can have ? Which one is the most common ? Which one is the smallest ? What is the name of a catalog product that has this ?
What are the distinct capacity each catalog can have ? Which one is the most common ? Which one is the smallest ? What is the name of a catalog product that has this ? Find the name of the product that has the smallest capacity.
What are all the names of all the catalog products ?
What are all the names of all the catalog products ? Could you also show me their product stock numbers ? !
What are all the names of all the catalog products ? Could you also show me their product stock numbers ? ! How many have stock number that starts with `` 2 '' ?
What are all the names of all the catalog products ? Could you also show me their product stock numbers ? ! How many have stock number that starts with `` 2 '' ? What are their names ?
What are all the names of all the catalog products ? Could you also show me their product stock numbers ? ! How many have stock number that starts with `` 2 '' ? What are their names ? Find the names of all the products whose stock number starts with "2".
Show me each catalog entry id and their catalog level numbers .
Show me each catalog entry id and their catalog level numbers . Which ones have more than one catalog level number ?
Show me each catalog entry id and their catalog level numbers . Which ones have more than one catalog level number ? Which ones have a catalog level number of 8 ?
Show me each catalog entry id and their catalog level numbers . Which ones have more than one catalog level number ? Which ones have a catalog level number of 8 ? Show me the entry names of each !
Show me each catalog entry id and their catalog level numbers . Which ones have more than one catalog level number ? Which ones have a catalog level number of 8 ? Show me the entry names of each ! Find the names of catalog entries with level number 8.
What catalog products have a length smaller than 3 ?
What catalog products have a length smaller than 3 ? Show me their names !
What catalog products have a length smaller than 3 ? Show me their names ! Also include those with a height that are greater than 5 !
What catalog products have a length smaller than 3 ? Show me their names ! Also include those with a height that are greater than 5 ! Find the names of the products with length smaller than 3 or height greater than 5.
For each catalog id , show the attribute ids and values ! !
For each catalog id , show the attribute ids and values ! ! Show me just those that a value of 1 !
For each catalog id , show the attribute ids and values ! ! Show me just those that a value of 1 ! Actually , how about those with a value of 0 ?
For each catalog id , show the attribute ids and values ! ! Show me just those that a value of 1 ! Actually , how about those with a value of 0 ? What are the just the names and attribute IDs of each ?
For each catalog id , show the attribute ids and values ! ! Show me just those that a value of 1 ! Actually , how about those with a value of 0 ? What are the just the names and attribute IDs of each ? Find the name and attribute ID of the attribute definitions with attribute value 0.
What festivals are there ?
What festivals are there ? What is the audience size for each of these festivals ?
What festivals are there ? What is the audience size for each of these festivals ? Which of these festivals has the largest audience ?
What festivals are there ? What is the audience size for each of these festivals ? Which of these festivals has the largest audience ? Where is this festival located ?
What festivals are there ? What is the audience size for each of these festivals ? Which of these festivals has the largest audience ? Where is this festival located ? What is the location of the festival with the largest number of audience?
Tell me the names of all the festivals available .
Tell me the names of all the festivals available . When did these festivals occur ?
Tell me the names of all the festivals available . When did these festivals occur ? Which one of these festivals occurred most recently ?
Tell me the names of all the festivals available . When did these festivals occur ? Which one of these festivals occurred most recently ? Ok , what about the top three most recent ones ?
Tell me the names of all the festivals available . When did these festivals occur ? Which one of these festivals occurred most recently ? Ok , what about the top three most recent ones ? Show the names of the three most recent festivals.
Show me the names of the artworks .
Show me the names of the artworks . Can you also tell me the types of these artworks ?
Show me the names of the artworks . Can you also tell me the types of these artworks ? Which of these artworks were nominated in some festival ?
Show me the names of the artworks . Can you also tell me the types of these artworks ? Which of these artworks were nominated in some festival ? What were the names of these festivals ?
Show me the names of the artworks . Can you also tell me the types of these artworks ? Which of these artworks were nominated in some festival ? What were the names of these festivals ? For each nomination, show the name of the artwork and name of the festival where it is nominated.
Tell me about the names of all the artworks .
Tell me about the names of all the artworks . What are the types of all these artworks ?
Tell me about the names of all the artworks . What are the types of all these artworks ? Which of these were nominated ?
Tell me about the names of all the artworks . What are the types of all these artworks ? Which of these were nominated ? Which of these were nominated in 2007 ?
Tell me about the names of all the artworks . What are the types of all these artworks ? Which of these were nominated ? Which of these were nominated in 2007 ? Show distinct types of artworks that are nominated in festivals in 2007.
List the names of all the artworks .
List the names of all the artworks . At which festivals were these artworks nominated ?
List the names of all the artworks . At which festivals were these artworks nominated ? What year were these artworks nominated ?
List the names of all the artworks . At which festivals were these artworks nominated ? What year were these artworks nominated ? Can you list them in ascending order ?
List the names of all the artworks . At which festivals were these artworks nominated ? What year were these artworks nominated ? Can you list them in ascending order ? Show the names of artworks in ascending order of the year they are nominated in.
What are the names of all the festivals ?
What are the names of all the festivals ? What are the nominated artworks of these festivals ?
What are the names of all the festivals ? What are the nominated artworks of these festivals ? Show the types of these artworks given these festivals .
What are the names of all the festivals ? What are the nominated artworks of these festivals ? Show the types of these artworks given these festivals . Which of these festivals have type `` Program Talent Show '' ?
What are the names of all the festivals ? What are the nominated artworks of these festivals ? Show the types of these artworks given these festivals . Which of these festivals have type `` Program Talent Show '' ? Show the names of festivals that have nominated artworks of type "Program Talent Show".
List the names of the festivals .
List the names of the festivals . Show me the names of the nominated artworks for the festivals listed .
List the names of the festivals . Show me the names of the nominated artworks for the festivals listed . Which of these festivals have at least two nominations for artworks ?
List the names of the festivals . Show me the names of the nominated artworks for the festivals listed . Which of these festivals have at least two nominations for artworks ? Show me their ids as well .
List the names of the festivals . Show me the names of the nominated artworks for the festivals listed . Which of these festivals have at least two nominations for artworks ? Show me their ids as well . Show the ids and names of festivals that have at least two nominations for artworks.
Show me the ids of the festivals .
Show me the ids of the festivals . Show me the names as well .
Show me the ids of the festivals . Show me the names as well . Add in the artworks nominated as well .
Show me the ids of the festivals . Show me the names as well . Add in the artworks nominated as well . Instead of showing the artworks nominated , show me the number of nominated artworks for each of these festivals .
Show me the ids of the festivals . Show me the names as well . Add in the artworks nominated as well . Instead of showing the artworks nominated , show me the number of nominated artworks for each of these festivals . Show the id, name of each festival and the number of artworks it has nominated.
Show me the names of all the artworks .
Show me the names of all the artworks . Show me their types as well .
Show me the names of all the artworks . Show me their types as well . What is the number of artworks for each type ?
Show me the names of all the artworks . Show me their types as well . What is the number of artworks for each type ? Which of these types is the most common ?
Show me the names of all the artworks . Show me their types as well . What is the number of artworks for each type ? Which of these types is the most common ? List the most common type of artworks.
Show all the names of all the festivals .
Show all the names of all the festivals . Show me the corresponding year for these festivals .
Show all the names of all the festivals . Show me the corresponding year for these festivals . What were the amount of festivals for each of these years ?
Show all the names of all the festivals . Show me the corresponding year for these festivals . What were the amount of festivals for each of these years ? Which of these years has more than one festival ?
Show all the names of all the festivals . Show me the corresponding year for these festivals . What were the amount of festivals for each of these years ? Which of these years has more than one festival ? List the year in which there are more than one festivals.
Tell me everything about all the artworks .
Tell me everything about all the artworks . List only the names of all these artworks .
Tell me everything about all the artworks . List only the names of all these artworks . Which of these were nominated ?
Tell me everything about all the artworks . List only the names of all these artworks . Which of these were nominated ? Which of those were n't ?
Tell me everything about all the artworks . List only the names of all these artworks . Which of these were nominated ? Which of those were n't ? List the name of artworks that are not nominated.
Show me the names of all the festivals .
Show me the names of all the festivals . Show the year for each of them .
Show me the names of all the festivals . Show the year for each of them . Can you only show the audience size for year 2008 ?
Show me the names of all the festivals . Show the year for each of them . Can you only show the audience size for year 2008 ? Can you only show the audience sizes for year 2008 and 2010 ?
Show me the names of all the festivals . Show the year for each of them . Can you only show the audience size for year 2008 ? Can you only show the audience sizes for year 2008 and 2010 ? Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010.
Show me the mobile number of the student Emma Rohan .
Show me the mobile number of the student Emma Rohan . What about her email ?
Show me the mobile number of the student Emma Rohan . What about her email ? What is the email of the student with first name "Emma" and last name "Rohan"?
Show me the names of all students .
Show me the names of all students . What are their monthly rentals ?
Show me the names of all students . What are their monthly rentals ? Show me the maximum and minimum of them .
Show me the names of all students . What are their monthly rentals ? Show me the maximum and minimum of them . Find the maximum and minimum monthly rental for all student addresses.
Show me the name of all teachers .
Show me the name of all teachers . What are their mobile numbers ?
Show me the name of all teachers . What are their mobile numbers ? What about email addresses ?
Show me the name of all teachers . What are their mobile numbers ? What about email addresses ? Which ones contain the word `` man '' ?
Show me the name of all teachers . What are their mobile numbers ? What about email addresses ? Which ones contain the word `` man '' ? Show me the first name only .
Show me the name of all teachers . What are their mobile numbers ? What about email addresses ? Which ones contain the word `` man '' ? Show me the first name only . Find the first names of teachers whose email address contains the word "man".
How many assessment notes are there ?
How many assessment notes are there ? How many does each student have ?
How many assessment notes are there ? How many does each student have ? Give me the id and first name of the student with the largest number of them .
How many assessment notes are there ? How many does each student have ? Give me the id and first name of the student with the largest number of them . Find the id and first name of the student that has the most number of assessment notes?
How many assessment notes are there ?
How many assessment notes are there ? How many does each teacher have ?
How many assessment notes are there ? How many does each teacher have ? List them in the descending order of number of assessment notes .
How many assessment notes are there ? How many does each teacher have ? List them in the descending order of number of assessment notes . Show me the ids and first name of the top 3 teachers .
How many assessment notes are there ? How many does each teacher have ? List them in the descending order of number of assessment notes . Show me the ids and first name of the top 3 teachers . Find the ids and first names of the 3 teachers that have the most number of assessment notes?
What behavior incident types are there ?
What behavior incident types are there ? How many behavior incidents are there ?
What behavior incident types are there ? How many behavior incidents are there ? How many does each student have ?
What behavior incident types are there ? How many behavior incidents are there ? How many does each student have ? Show me the id and last name of the one with the largest number .
What behavior incident types are there ? How many behavior incidents are there ? How many does each student have ? Show me the id and last name of the one with the largest number . Find the id and last name of the student that has the most behavior incidents?
How many detentions are there ?
How many detentions are there ? What about detentions with type code `` AFTER '' ?
How many detentions are there ? What about detentions with type code `` AFTER '' ? How many does each teacher have ?
How many detentions are there ? What about detentions with type code `` AFTER '' ? How many does each teacher have ? Give me the id and last name of the teacher with the largest number .
How many detentions are there ? What about detentions with type code `` AFTER '' ? How many does each teacher have ? Give me the id and last name of the teacher with the largest number . Find the id and last name of the teacher that has the most detentions with detention type code "AFTER"?
Show me the first name of all students .
Show me the first name of all students . What are their monthly rentals ?
Show me the first name of all students . What are their monthly rentals ? What about each student 's average rentals across different address ?
Show me the first name of all students . What are their monthly rentals ? What about each student 's average rentals across different address ? Give me the id and first name of the student with the highest of them .
Show me the first name of all students . What are their monthly rentals ? What about each student 's average rentals across different address ? Give me the id and first name of the student with the highest of them . What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental?
Show me all the monthly rentals from student addresses .
Show me all the monthly rentals from student addresses . Give me the average monthly rental in terms of each address .
Show me all the monthly rentals from student addresses . Give me the average monthly rental in terms of each address . Show me their cities .
Show me all the monthly rentals from student addresses . Give me the average monthly rental in terms of each address . Show me their cities . Give me the id and city of the one with largest average monthly rental .
Show me all the monthly rentals from student addresses . Give me the average monthly rental in terms of each address . Show me their cities . Give me the id and city of the one with largest average monthly rental . Find the id and city of the student address with the highest average monthly rental.
What behavior incident types are there ?
What behavior incident types are there ? How many behavior incidents are there in terms of each type ?
What behavior incident types are there ? How many behavior incidents are there in terms of each type ? Show me the code and description of the most frequent one of them .
What behavior incident types are there ? How many behavior incidents are there in terms of each type ? Show me the code and description of the most frequent one of them . What are the code and description of the most frequent behavior incident type?
What detention types are there ?
What detention types are there ? How many detentions are there in terms of each type ?
What detention types are there ? How many detentions are there in terms of each type ? Show me the code and description of the least frequent one of them .
What detention types are there ? How many detentions are there in terms of each type ? Show me the code and description of the least frequent one of them . What are the code and description of the least frequent detention type ?
How many assessment notes are there ?
How many assessment notes are there ? Show me the first name of students that had assessment notes in record .
How many assessment notes are there ? Show me the first name of students that had assessment notes in record . When did Fanny have assessment nodes ?
How many assessment notes are there ? Show me the first name of students that had assessment notes in record . When did Fanny have assessment nodes ? Find the dates of assessment notes for students with first name "Fanny".
How many assessment notes are there ?
How many assessment notes are there ? Show me the last name of teachers that had assessment notes in record .
How many assessment notes are there ? Show me the last name of teachers that had assessment notes in record . Give me the texts of assessment notes that Schuster had .
How many assessment notes are there ? Show me the last name of teachers that had assessment notes in record . Give me the texts of assessment notes that Schuster had . Find the texts of assessment notes for teachers with last name "Schuster".
How many behavior incidents are there in record ?
How many behavior incidents are there in record ? Show me the last name of students that were in any incidents .
How many behavior incidents are there in record ? Show me the last name of students that were in any incidents . Give me the start and end dates of Fahey 's ones .
How many behavior incidents are there in record ? Show me the last name of students that were in any incidents . Give me the start and end dates of Fahey 's ones . Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name "Fahey".
How many detentions are there in record ?
How many detentions are there in record ? Show me the last name of teachers that were in any detentions .
How many detentions are there in record ? Show me the last name of teachers that were in any detentions . Give me the start and end dates of Schultz 's ones .
How many detentions are there in record ? Show me the last name of teachers that were in any detentions . Give me the start and end dates of Schultz 's ones . Find the start and end dates of detentions of teachers with last name "Schultz".
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses .
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . Give me the id of address with highest monthly rental .
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . Give me the id of address with highest monthly rental . What about its zip code ?
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . Give me the id of address with highest monthly rental . What about its zip code ? What are the id and zip code of the address with the highest monthly rental?
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses .
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . Give me the id of student with the lowest of them .
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . Give me the id of student with the lowest of them . What about that student 's cell phone number ?
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . Give me the id of student with the lowest of them . What about that student 's cell phone number ? What is the cell phone number of the student whose address has the lowest monthly rental?
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses .
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . What are their corresponding state , province , or county ?
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . What are their corresponding state , province , or county ? Show me the monthly rentals from Texas .
Show me the monthly rentals for all student addresses . What are their corresponding state , province , or county ? Show me the monthly rentals from Texas . What are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state?
How many students are there in the record ?
How many students are there in the record ? What about those with address in Wisconsin ?
How many students are there in the record ? What about those with address in Wisconsin ? Show me the first and last names of those students .
How many students are there in the record ? What about those with address in Wisconsin ? Show me the first and last names of those students . What are the first names and last names of students with address in Wisconsin state?
How many students are there in file ?
How many students are there in file ? What about student addresses ?
How many students are there in file ? What about student addresses ? Show me the line 1 and average montly rentals of those addresses .
How many students are there in file ? What about student addresses ? Show me the line 1 and average montly rentals of those addresses . What are the line 1 and average monthly rentals of all student addresses?
Show me the first name of all teachers .
Show me the first name of all teachers . Which city does Lyla live ?
Show me the first name of all teachers . Which city does Lyla live ? What about the zip code ?
Show me the first name of all teachers . Which city does Lyla live ? What about the zip code ? What is the zip code of the address where the teacher with first name "Lyla" lives?
Show me the first name of all teachers .
Show me the first name of all teachers . Who live in addresses with zip code 918 ?
Show me the first name of all teachers . Who live in addresses with zip code 918 ? What about their email addresses ?
Show me the first name of all teachers . Who live in addresses with zip code 918 ? What about their email addresses ? What are the email addresses of teachers whose address has zip code "918"?
How many students are there in file ?
How many students are there in file ? Give me the id of the students involved in any behavior incident .
How many students are there in file ? Give me the id of the students involved in any behavior incident . How many students are not among those ?
How many students are there in file ? Give me the id of the students involved in any behavior incident . How many students are not among those ? How many students are not involved in any behavior incident?
Show me the last name of all teachers in file .
Show me the last name of all teachers in file . How many teachers are involved in any detention ?
Show me the last name of all teachers in file . How many teachers are involved in any detention ? Give me the last name of teachers who are not one of those .
Show me the last name of all teachers in file . How many teachers are involved in any detention ? Give me the last name of teachers who are not one of those . Find the last names of teachers who are not involved in any detention.
Show information for all individuals .
Show information for all individuals . What are their first names , middle names and last names ?
Show information for all individuals . What are their first names , middle names and last names ? Order the results by the last name .
Show information for all individuals . What are their first names , middle names and last names ? Order the results by the last name . List every individual's first name, middle name and last name in alphabetical order by last name.
Show all the forms .
Show all the forms . What are the distinct type codes of forms ?
Show all the forms . What are the distinct type codes of forms ? List all the types of forms.
Show all the party forms .
Show all the party forms . Show the form name of each party form .
Show all the party forms . Show the form name of each party form . Which one is the most popular party form ?
Show all the party forms . Show the form name of each party form . Which one is the most popular party form ? Find the name of the most popular party form.
Return all the information for each party .
Return all the information for each party . Show me the information for the one with email `` enrico09 @ example.com '' .
Return all the information for each party . Show me the information for the one with email `` enrico09 @ example.com '' . What are their payment method and phone number ?
Return all the information for each party . Show me the information for the one with email `` enrico09 @ example.com '' . What are their payment method and phone number ? Find the payment method and phone of the party with email "enrico09@example.com".
What is the most popular party form ?
What is the most popular party form ? Find the emails of parties using this form .
What is the most popular party form ? Find the emails of parties using this form . Find the emails of parties with the most popular party form.
Show all the organizations .
Show all the organizations . Sort them in order of the date formed .
Show all the organizations . Sort them in order of the date formed . Just show the organization names .
Show all the organizations . Sort them in order of the date formed . Just show the organization names . List all the name of organizations in order of the date formed.
When was each organization formed ?
When was each organization formed ? Find the name of the organization formed most recently .
When was each organization formed ? Find the name of the organization formed most recently . Find the name of the youngest organization.
Show the organization whose name is `` Labour Party '' .
Show the organization whose name is `` Labour Party '' . What are the contact individuals for this organization ?
Show the organization whose name is `` Labour Party '' . What are the contact individuals for this organization ? Of these , find the last name of the latest contact individual .
Show the organization whose name is `` Labour Party '' . What are the contact individuals for this organization ? Of these , find the last name of the latest contact individual . Find the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization "Labour Party".
What is the highest UK Vat number ?
What is the highest UK Vat number ? Show the contact persons of the organization with this UK Vat number .
What is the highest UK Vat number ? Show the contact persons of the organization with this UK Vat number . From the results , find the last name of the first ever contact person .
What is the highest UK Vat number ? Show the contact persons of the organization with this UK Vat number . From the results , find the last name of the first ever contact person . Find the last name of the first ever contact person of the organization with the highest UK Vat number.
List all the available service names .
List all the available service names . Which of these have been used in some party service ?
List all the available service names . Which of these have been used in some party service ? How about those never used in any party service ?
List all the available service names . Which of these have been used in some party service ? How about those never used in any party service ? Find the names of the services that have never been used.
Show all the address information .
Show all the address information . Find the names of all the cities .
Show all the address information . Find the names of all the cities . Find the names of all the cities and states .
Show all the address information . Find the names of all the cities . Find the names of all the cities and states . Find the name of all the cities and states.
How many addresses are there ?
How many addresses are there ? How many are in the state `` Colorado '' ?
How many addresses are there ? How many are in the state `` Colorado '' ? How many cities are there in state "Colorado"?
Show the payment method codes used by parties .
Show the payment method codes used by parties . Which of them are used by more than 3 parties
Show the payment method codes used by parties . Which of them are used by more than 3 parties Find the payment method code used by more than 3 parties.
Find all the organization names .
Find all the organization names . Which of them contain the string `` Party '' ?
Find all the organization names . Which of them contain the string `` Party '' ? Find the name of organizations whose names contain "Party".
What is the payment method code used by each party ?
What is the payment method code used by each party ? How many distinct payment methods are used by parties ?
What is the payment method code used by each party ? How many distinct payment methods are used by parties ? How many distinct payment methods are used by parties?
How many times did each party use services ?
How many times did each party use services ? Which party used party services the most number of times ?
How many times did each party use services ? Which party used party services the most number of times ? What is their email ?
How many times did each party use services ? Which party used party services the most number of times ? What is their email ? Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times?
What is the state of each address ?
What is the state of each address ? What one has building name that contains `` 6862 Kaitlyn Knolls '' ?
What is the state of each address ? What one has building name that contains `` 6862 Kaitlyn Knolls '' ? Which state can address "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls" possibly be in?
How many contact individuals does each organization have ?
How many contact individuals does each organization have ? What is the name of organization that has the greatest number of contact individuals ?
How many contact individuals does each organization have ? What is the name of organization that has the greatest number of contact individuals ? What is the name of organization that has the greatest number of contact individuals?
Show me the name of customers .
Show me the name of customers . What about their coupon amounts ?
Show me the name of customers . What about their coupon amounts ? Show me those with amount 500 .
Show me the name of customers . What about their coupon amounts ? Show me those with amount 500 . Show me if they are bad or good .
Show me the name of customers . What about their coupon amounts ? Show me those with amount 500 . Show me if they are bad or good . Are the customers holding coupons with amount 500 bad or good?
Show me the first name of all customers .
Show me the first name of all customers . How many bookings are there in record ?
Show me the first name of all customers . How many bookings are there in record ? What about that in terms of those customers ?
Show me the first name of all customers . How many bookings are there in record ? What about that in terms of those customers ? Could you also show me those customers ' ids ?
Show me the first name of all customers . How many bookings are there in record ? What about that in terms of those customers ? Could you also show me those customers ' ids ? How many bookings did each customer make? List the customer id, first name, and the count.
How many payment records are there ?
How many payment records are there ? Show me the maximum amount paid ?
How many payment records are there ? Show me the maximum amount paid ? What about the total maximum amount paid by a single customer ?
How many payment records are there ? Show me the maximum amount paid ? What about the total maximum amount paid by a single customer ? Show me the customer id also .
How many payment records are there ? Show me the maximum amount paid ? What about the total maximum amount paid by a single customer ? Show me the customer id also . What is the maximum total amount paid by a customer? List the customer id and amount.
How many payments are there in record ?
How many payments are there in record ? How many did each booking incur ?
How many payments are there in record ? How many did each booking incur ? Which one has the largest number ?
How many payments are there in record ? How many did each booking incur ? Which one has the largest number ? Show me its id and the amount of refund .
How many payments are there in record ? How many did each booking incur ? Which one has the largest number ? Show me its id and the amount of refund . What are the id and the amount of refund of the booking that incurred the most times of payments?
Show me the number of products that have been booked .
Show me the number of products that have been booked . How many times has each of them been booked ?
Show me the number of products that have been booked . How many times has each of them been booked ? Show me the id of the product with 3 bookings .
Show me the number of products that have been booked . How many times has each of them been booked ? Show me the id of the product with 3 bookings . What is the id of the product that is booked for 3 times?
What are the product that have been booked ?
What are the product that have been booked ? Show me the one with booked amount 102.76 .
What are the product that have been booked ? Show me the one with booked amount 102.76 . What about its description ?
What are the product that have been booked ? Show me the one with booked amount 102.76 . What about its description ? What is the product description of the product booked with an amount of 102.76?
Show me the name of all the products in file .
Show me the name of all the products in file . How many times has Book collection A been booked ?
Show me the name of all the products in file . How many times has Book collection A been booked ? What are the start date and end date of those bookings ?
Show me the name of all the products in file . How many times has Book collection A been booked ? What are the start date and end date of those bookings ? What are the start date and end date of the booking that has booked the product named 'Book collection A'?
Show me the name of all the products in file .
Show me the name of all the products in file . Show me those with availability equal to 1 .
Show me the name of all the products in file . Show me those with availability equal to 1 . What are the names of products whose availability equals to 1?
Show me the name of all the customers .
Show me the name of all the customers . What about those good customers ?
Show me the name of all the customers . What about those good customers ? Also show me their genders .
Show me the name of all the customers . What about those good customers ? Also show me their genders . Order them by their last name .
Show me the name of all the customers . What about those good customers ? Also show me their genders . Order them by their last name . What are the first name, last name, and gender of all the good customers? Order by their last name.
How many times has any product been booked ?
How many times has any product been booked ? Show me the product at each time .
How many times has any product been booked ? Show me the product at each time . What about their booked amount ?
How many times has any product been booked ? Show me the product at each time . What about their booked amount ? Show me the maximum , minimum , and average of them .
How many times has any product been booked ? Show me the product at each time . What about their booked amount ? Show me the maximum , minimum , and average of them . What are the maximum, minimum, and average booked count for the products booked?
Show me all the product names .
Show me all the product names . What are their description ?
Show me all the product names . What are their description ? What about their daily hire costs ?
Show me all the product names . What are their description ? What about their daily hire costs ? Only show the cost of those which has 'Book ' in its name .
Show me all the product names . What are their description ? What about their daily hire costs ? Only show the cost of those which has 'Book ' in its name . What are the daily hire costs for the products with substring 'Book' in its name?
Show me the id of products that have been booked .
Show me the id of products that have been booked . Show me their maximum booked amount .
Show me the id of products that have been booked . Show me their maximum booked amount . Give me the id of those which has been booked with amount higher than 200 .
Show me the id of products that have been booked . Show me their maximum booked amount . Give me the id of those which has been booked with amount higher than 200 . What about the id of products which are not one of those ?
Show me the id of products that have been booked . Show me their maximum booked amount . Give me the id of those which has been booked with amount higher than 200 . What about the id of products which are not one of those ? How many are there ?
Show me the id of products that have been booked . Show me their maximum booked amount . Give me the id of those which has been booked with amount higher than 200 . What about the id of products which are not one of those ? How many are there ? How many products are never booked with amount higher than 200?
Show me the first name of good customers .
Show me the first name of good customers . What coupon amounts did they own ?
Show me the first name of good customers . What coupon amounts did they own ? What about those owned by bad customers ?
Show me the first name of good customers . What coupon amounts did they own ? What about those owned by bad customers ? Show me the coupon amounts owned by both of them .
Show me the first name of good customers . What coupon amounts did they own ? What about those owned by bad customers ? Show me the coupon amounts owned by both of them . What are the coupon amount of the coupons owned by both good and bad customers?
How many payment types are there ?
How many payment types are there ? Show me the date of payments using Check as payment type .
How many payment types are there ? Show me the date of payments using Check as payment type . Also include those with amount paid higher than 300 .
How many payment types are there ? Show me the date of payments using Check as payment type . Also include those with amount paid higher than 300 . What are the payment date of the payment with amount paid higher than 300 or with payment type is 'Check'
Tell me Kamila Porczyk 's age .
Tell me Kamila Porczyk 's age . How about Mariusz Zalejski 's age ?
Tell me Kamila Porczyk 's age . How about Mariusz Zalejski 's age ? Tell me the names of editors of age either 24 or 25 .
Tell me Kamila Porczyk 's age . How about Mariusz Zalejski 's age ? Tell me the names of editors of age either 24 or 25 . Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25.
Tell me Szymon Wydra 's journal 's themes .
Tell me Szymon Wydra 's journal 's themes . How old is he ?
Tell me Szymon Wydra 's journal 's themes . How old is he ? What is the name of the youngest editor ?
Tell me Szymon Wydra 's journal 's themes . How old is he ? What is the name of the youngest editor ? What is the name of the youngest editor?
Tell me the work types of Anna Powierza .
Tell me the work types of Anna Powierza . What is her age ?
Tell me the work types of Anna Powierza . What is her age ? Tell me the most common age of editors .
Tell me the work types of Anna Powierza . What is her age ? Tell me the most common age of editors . Please show the most common age of editors.
Tell me the number of journals of editor Szymon Wydra ?
Tell me the number of journals of editor Szymon Wydra ? Tell me about the sales of journals of editor Szymon Wydra .
Tell me the number of journals of editor Szymon Wydra ? Tell me about the sales of journals of editor Szymon Wydra . What are the names of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees ?
Tell me the number of journals of editor Szymon Wydra ? Tell me about the sales of journals of editor Szymon Wydra . What are the names of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees ? Show the names of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees.
Tell me the date of the journal with the theme Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Tell me the date of the journal with the theme Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Who is its editor ?
Tell me the date of the journal with the theme Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Who is its editor ? I want to know the names and ages of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees , in ascending alphabetical order of theme .
Tell me the date of the journal with the theme Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Who is its editor ? I want to know the names and ages of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees , in ascending alphabetical order of theme . Show the names and ages of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees, in ascending alphabetical order of theme.
Tell me Anna Powierza 's journal 's themes .
Tell me Anna Powierza 's journal 's themes . How about her sales ?
Tell me Anna Powierza 's journal 's themes . How about her sales ? What are the names of editors that are on the committee of journals with sales bigger than 3000 ?
Tell me Anna Powierza 's journal 's themes . How about her sales ? What are the names of editors that are on the committee of journals with sales bigger than 3000 ? Show the names of editors that are on the committee of journals with sales bigger than 3000.
Tell me Marek Siudym 's age .
Tell me Marek Siudym 's age . Show me his journals .
Tell me Marek Siudym 's age . Show me his journals . Okay , now I want to know the id , name of each editor and the number of journal committees they are on .
Tell me Marek Siudym 's age . Show me his journals . Okay , now I want to know the id , name of each editor and the number of journal committees they are on . Show the id, name of each editor and the number of journal committees they are on.
Tell me the sales of the journal with theme Jacksonville Jaguars .
Tell me the sales of the journal with theme Jacksonville Jaguars . Who is its editor ?
Tell me the sales of the journal with theme Jacksonville Jaguars . Who is its editor ? tell me the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees .
Tell me the sales of the journal with theme Jacksonville Jaguars . Who is its editor ? tell me the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees . Show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees.
tell me the number of journal committees of editor Kamila Porczyk .
tell me the number of journal committees of editor Kamila Porczyk . Okay , I want to know the themes of his journals .
tell me the number of journal committees of editor Kamila Porczyk . Okay , I want to know the themes of his journals . Tell me the names of editors that are not on any journal committee .
tell me the number of journal committees of editor Kamila Porczyk . Okay , I want to know the themes of his journals . Tell me the names of editors that are not on any journal committee . List the names of editors that are not on any journal committee.
Tell me the themes of Marek Siudym 's journals .
Tell me the themes of Marek Siudym 's journals . Okay , tell me the date of the journal with theme `` at Jacksonville Jaguars '' .
Tell me the themes of Marek Siudym 's journals . Okay , tell me the date of the journal with theme `` at Jacksonville Jaguars '' . list the date , theme and sales of the journal which did not have any of the listed editors serving on committee .
Tell me the themes of Marek Siudym 's journals . Okay , tell me the date of the journal with theme `` at Jacksonville Jaguars '' . list the date , theme and sales of the journal which did not have any of the listed editors serving on committee . List the date, theme and sales of the journal which did not have any of the listed editors serving on committee.
What is the total amount purchased for each product ?
What is the total amount purchased for each product ? List the ids of products in decreasing order of their total amount purchased .
What is the total amount purchased for each product ? List the ids of products in decreasing order of their total amount purchased . Just give me the top three .
What is the total amount purchased for each product ? List the ids of products in decreasing order of their total amount purchased . Just give me the top three . What are the ids of the top three products that were purchased in the largest amount?
List all the product ids .
List all the product ids . Order them by the product price .
List all the product ids . Order them by the product price . Show the product id and product type of the cheapest product .
List all the product ids . Order them by the product price . Show the product id and product type of the cheapest product . What are the product id and product type of the cheapest product?
What are all the product types ?
What are all the product types ? Show me all the distinct product types .
What are all the product types ? Show me all the distinct product types . How many are there ?
What are all the product types ? Show me all the distinct product types . How many are there ? Find the number of different product types.
Show all the information about customer addresses .
Show all the information about customer addresses . What is the address id of customer 10 ?
Show all the information about customer addresses . What is the address id of customer 10 ? What are address details of customer 10 ?
Show all the information about customer addresses . What is the address id of customer 10 ? What are address details of customer 10 ? Return the address of customer 10.
Show all staff information .
Show all staff information . What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs ?
Show all staff information . What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs ? What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager ?
Show all staff information . What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs ? What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager ? What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager?
Show all the customers .
Show all the customers . How many customers are there ?
Show all the customers . How many customers are there ? For each payment method , find how many customers use it .
Show all the customers . How many customers are there ? For each payment method , find how many customers use it . For each payment method, return how many customers use it.
Show all the order items .
Show all the order items . Show the number of times each product was ordered .
Show all the order items . Show the number of times each product was ordered . What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often ?
Show all the order items . Show the number of times each product was ordered . What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often ? What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often?
Show all the customer information .
Show all the customer information . How many orders did each customer make ?
Show all the customer information . How many orders did each customer make ? Which customer made the largest number of orders ?
Show all the customer information . How many orders did each customer make ? Which customer made the largest number of orders ? What are the name , phone number and email address of this customer ?
Show all the customer information . How many orders did each customer make ? Which customer made the largest number of orders ? What are the name , phone number and email address of this customer ? What are the name, phone number and email address of the customer who made the largest number of orders?
Show all the products .
Show all the products . Group all the products by product type .
Show all the products . Group all the products by product type . What is the average price for each type of product ?
Show all the products . Group all the products by product type . What is the average price for each type of product ? What is the average price for each type of product?
What are all the department stores ?
What are all the department stores ? What are all the department stores that the store chain South has ?
What are all the department stores ? What are all the department stores that the store chain South has ? How many are there ?
What are all the department stores ? What are all the department stores that the store chain South has ? How many are there ? How many department stores does the store chain South have?
Show all the staff .
Show all the staff . Sort all the staff by their assigned date in a descending manner .
Show all the staff . Sort all the staff by their assigned date in a descending manner . What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest ?
Show all the staff . Sort all the staff by their assigned date in a descending manner . What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest ? What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest?
What are all the products ?
What are all the products ? Which products are supplied by supplier id 3 ?
What are all the products ? Which products are supplied by supplier id 3 ? Give me the product type , name and price for these products .
What are all the products ? Which products are supplied by supplier id 3 ? Give me the product type , name and price for these products . Give me the product type, name and price for all the products supplied by supplier id 3.
Find all the customers .
Find all the customers . Which customers have order status Pending ? Show their names .
Find all the customers . Which customers have order status Pending ? Show their names . Sort them in the order of customer id .
Find all the customers . Which customers have order status Pending ? Show their names . Sort them in the order of customer id . Return the distinct name of customers whose order status is Pending, in the order of customer id.
Show all the customers .
Show all the customers . Which customers have both New and Pending orders ?
Show all the customers . Which customers have both New and Pending orders ? Show these customers ' names and addresses .
Show all the customers . Which customers have both New and Pending orders ? Show these customers ' names and addresses . Find the name and address of the customers who have both New and Pending orders.
Show me all the products .
Show me all the products . Which products are supplied by supplier id 2 ?
Show me all the products . Which products are supplied by supplier id 2 ? Which products are more expensive than the average price of all products ?
Show me all the products . Which products are supplied by supplier id 2 ? Which products are more expensive than the average price of all products ? Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products .
Show me all the products . Which products are supplied by supplier id 2 ? Which products are more expensive than the average price of all products ? Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products . Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products.
Which department store has a marketing department ?
Which department store has a marketing department ? Which department store has both a marketing and a managing department ?
Which department store has a marketing department ? Which department store has both a marketing and a managing department ? Give me their id and name .
Which department store has a marketing department ? Which department store has both a marketing and a managing department ? Give me their id and name . What is the id and name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department?
Count the number of department stores each department store chain has .
Count the number of department stores each department store chain has . Which department store chain has the largest number of department stores ?
Count the number of department stores each department store chain has . Which department store chain has the largest number of department stores ? What are the ids of the top two department store chains by number of department stores ?
Count the number of department stores each department store chain has . Which department store chain has the largest number of department stores ? What are the ids of the top two department store chains by number of department stores ? What are the ids of the two department store chains with the largest number of department stores?
Count the number of staff for each department .
Count the number of staff for each department . Which department has the least number of staff ?
Count the number of staff for each department . Which department has the least number of staff ? What is the id of this department ?
Count the number of staff for each department . Which department has the least number of staff ? What is the id of this department ? What is the id of the department with the least number of staff?
Show all the product types .
Show all the product types . Order all the products by their types .
Show all the product types . Order all the products by their types . Give me the maximum and minimum price for each product type .
Show all the product types . Order all the products by their types . Give me the maximum and minimum price for each product type . For each product type, return the maximum and minimum price.
What are all the product types ?
What are all the product types ? What is the average price of products ?
What are all the product types ? What is the average price of products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products .
What are all the product types ? What is the average price of products ? Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products . Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products.
Show all the staff .
Show all the staff . What is the assignment period for each staff ?
Show all the staff . What is the assignment period for each staff ? Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period .
Show all the staff . What is the assignment period for each staff ? Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period . Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period.
What is the price of each product ?
What is the price of each product ? Which product costs between 600 and 700 ?
What is the price of each product ? Which product costs between 600 and 700 ? Give me their product names and ids .
What is the price of each product ? Which product costs between 600 and 700 ? Give me their product names and ids . Return the names and ids of all products whose price is between 600 and 700.
Show all distinct customer ids .
Show all distinct customer ids . When was the first time some orders were cancelled ?
Show all distinct customer ids . When was the first time some orders were cancelled ? Find the ids of all distinct customers who made orders after this date .
Show all distinct customer ids . When was the first time some orders were cancelled ? Find the ids of all distinct customers who made orders after this date . Find the ids of all distinct customers who made order after some orders that were Cancelled.
Show the information about all the staff department assignments .
Show the information about all the staff department assignments . When was the latest department assignment of Clerical Staff ?
Show the information about all the staff department assignments . When was the latest department assignment of Clerical Staff ? What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than this date ?
Show the information about all the staff department assignments . When was the latest department assignment of Clerical Staff ? What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than this date ? What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than any Clerical Staff?
Give me the information about all the customers .
Give me the information about all the customers . Which customers have an address that contains TN ?
Give me the information about all the customers . Which customers have an address that contains TN ? What are their names and ids ?
Give me the information about all the customers . Which customers have an address that contains TN ? What are their names and ids ? What are the names and ids of customers whose address contains TN?
Show all the staff department assignments .
Show all the staff department assignments . Which staff was assigned in 2016 ?
Show all the staff department assignments . Which staff was assigned in 2016 ? What are their names and genders ?
Show all the staff department assignments . Which staff was assigned in 2016 ? What are their names and genders ? Return the name and gender of the staff who was assigned in 2016.
Return all the staff department assignments .
Return all the staff department assignments . Count the number of assignments for each staff .
Return all the staff department assignments . Count the number of assignments for each staff . List the names of staff who have been assigned multiple jobs .
Return all the staff department assignments . Count the number of assignments for each staff . List the names of staff who have been assigned multiple jobs . List the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs.
Find the information about all the suppliers .
Find the information about all the suppliers . Sort them in the alphabetical order of their addresses .
Find the information about all the suppliers . Sort them in the alphabetical order of their addresses . Show the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses .
Find the information about all the suppliers . Sort them in the alphabetical order of their addresses . Show the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses . List the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses.
Show all the customers .
Show all the customers . What are the phone numbers of all customers ?
Show all the customers . What are the phone numbers of all customers ? What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers ?
Show all the customers . What are the phone numbers of all customers ? What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers ? What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers?
Which products were ordered more than three times ?
Which products were ordered more than three times ? Which products were purchased for a total amount of more than 80000 ?
Which products were ordered more than three times ? Which products were purchased for a total amount of more than 80000 ? Find the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or purchased for a total amount of more than 80000 .
Which products were ordered more than three times ? Which products were purchased for a total amount of more than 80000 ? Find the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or purchased for a total amount of more than 80000 . Return the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or supplied more than 80000.
What are the ids and names of all products ?
What are the ids and names of all products ? How about those with a price lower than 600 ?
What are the ids and names of all products ? How about those with a price lower than 600 ? How about those with price above 600 or below 900 ?
What are the ids and names of all products ? How about those with a price lower than 600 ? How about those with price above 600 or below 900 ? What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 or higher than 900?
What are the ids of all suppliers ?
What are the ids of all suppliers ? What is the average of total amount purchased ?
What are the ids of all suppliers ? What is the average of total amount purchased ? Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000 .
What are the ids of all suppliers ? What is the average of total amount purchased ? Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000 . Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000.
How many products does each suppler supply ?
How many products does each suppler supply ? Which suppler supplies the most products ? Give me the supplier id .
How many products does each suppler supply ? Which suppler supplies the most products ? Give me the supplier id . What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for this supplier .
How many products does each suppler supply ? Which suppler supplies the most products ? Give me the supplier id . What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for this supplier . What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products.
Show all the customer codes .
Show all the customer codes . What is the largest code among those ?
Show all the customer codes . What is the largest code among those ? Show me both the largest and smallest codes .
Show all the customer codes . What is the largest code among those ? Show me both the largest and smallest codes . What is the largest and smallest customer codes?
Find the information for the product `` keyboard '' .
Find the information for the product `` keyboard '' . Return all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard .
Find the information for the product `` keyboard '' . Return all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard . What are their names ?
Find the information for the product `` keyboard '' . Return all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard . What are their names ? List the names of all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard.
Show the information for the product `` red jeans '' .
Show the information for the product `` red jeans '' . Find all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans .
Show the information for the product `` red jeans '' . Find all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans . What are their names and phone numbers ?
Show the information for the product `` red jeans '' . Find all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans . What are their names and phone numbers ? List the names and phone numbers of all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans.
What are the highest and lowest prices of products ?
What are the highest and lowest prices of products ? What are the highest and lowest prices of products , grouped by product type ?
What are the highest and lowest prices of products ? What are the highest and lowest prices of products , grouped by product type ? Sort the results by the product type .
What are the highest and lowest prices of products ? What are the highest and lowest prices of products , grouped by product type ? Sort the results by the product type . What are the highest and lowest prices of products, grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type?
Find customer orders whose status is `` Cancelled '' .
Find customer orders whose status is `` Cancelled '' . List the order id , customer id for orders in Cancelled status .
Find customer orders whose status is `` Cancelled '' . List the order id , customer id for orders in Cancelled status . Sort the results by the order date .
Find customer orders whose status is `` Cancelled '' . List the order id , customer id for orders in Cancelled status . Sort the results by the order date . List the order id, customer id for orders in Cancelled status, ordered by their order dates.
How many customers bought each product ?
How many customers bought each product ? Which products were bought by at least two distinct customers ?
How many customers bought each product ? Which products were bought by at least two distinct customers ? What are the product names ?
How many customers bought each product ? Which products were bought by at least two distinct customers ? What are the product names ? Find the names of products that were bought by at least two distinct customers.
Count the number of distinct products each customer ordered .
Count the number of distinct products each customer ordered . Find customers who have bought at least three distinct products .
Count the number of distinct products each customer ordered . Find customers who have bought at least three distinct products . What are their names ?
Count the number of distinct products each customer ordered . Find customers who have bought at least three distinct products . What are their names ? Find the names of customers who have bought at least three distinct products.
What are the name and gender of each staff ?
What are the name and gender of each staff ? What about the staff that has been assigned the job of Sales Person ?
What are the name and gender of each staff ? What about the staff that has been assigned the job of Sales Person ? What about the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff ?
What are the name and gender of each staff ? What about the staff that has been assigned the job of Sales Person ? What about the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff ? Find the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff.
What are the id and name of each customer ?
What are the id and name of each customer ? Only return those for customers whose address contains WY .
What are the id and name of each customer ? Only return those for customers whose address contains WY . Find the ids and names of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit cards for payment .
What are the id and name of each customer ? Only return those for customers whose address contains WY . Find the ids and names of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit cards for payment . Find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment.
Show me all the products .
Show me all the products . What is the average price of all products ?
Show me all the products . What is the average price of all products ? What is the average price of all products whose type is Clothes .
Show me all the products . What is the average price of all products ? What is the average price of all products whose type is Clothes . Find the average price of all product clothes.
Find camera lens whose focal length is longer than 15 mm .
Find camera lens whose focal length is longer than 15 mm . How many are there ?
Find camera lens whose focal length is longer than 15 mm . How many are there ? How many camera lenses have a focal length longer than 15 mm?
What are the brand and name of each camera lens ?
What are the brand and name of each camera lens ? Sort the results in descending order of the lens ' maximum aperture .
What are the brand and name of each camera lens ? Sort the results in descending order of the lens ' maximum aperture . Find the brand and name for each camera lens, and sort in descending order of maximum aperture.
Give me the information for all photos .
Give me the information for all photos . List the id , color scheme , and name for each .
Give me the information for all photos . List the id , color scheme , and name for each . List the id, color scheme, and name for all the photos.
What is the height of each mountain ?
What is the height of each mountain ? What is the maximum height ?
What is the height of each mountain ? What is the maximum height ? Also show the average height .
What is the height of each mountain ? What is the maximum height ? Also show the average height . What are the maximum and average height of the mountains?
What is the prominence of each mountain ?
What is the prominence of each mountain ? What is the prominence of mountains in country 'Morocco ' ?
What is the prominence of each mountain ? What is the prominence of mountains in country 'Morocco ' ? What is the average of them ?
What is the prominence of each mountain ? What is the prominence of mountains in country 'Morocco ' ? What is the average of them ? What are the average prominence of the mountains in country 'Morocco'?
Show all the mountains .
Show all the mountains . Which mountains do not belong to the range 'Aberdare Range ' ?
Show all the mountains . Which mountains do not belong to the range 'Aberdare Range ' ? What are those mountains ' name , height and prominence ?
Show all the mountains . Which mountains do not belong to the range 'Aberdare Range ' ? What are those mountains ' name , height and prominence ? What are the name, height and prominence of mountains which do not belong to the range 'Aberdare Range'?
Show the id and name of all mountains .
Show the id and name of all mountains . Show the id and name of all the mountains that have photos .
Show the id and name of all mountains . Show the id and name of all the mountains that have photos . What are the id and name of mountains that have photos and heights above 4000 ?
Show the id and name of all mountains . Show the id and name of all the mountains that have photos . What are the id and name of mountains that have photos and heights above 4000 ? What are the id and name of mountains that have photos and height above 4000?
Show the ids and names of all mountains .
Show the ids and names of all mountains . Show the ids and names of those that have photos .
Show the ids and names of all mountains . Show the ids and names of those that have photos . Which ones have at least 2 photos ?
Show the ids and names of all mountains . Show the ids and names of those that have photos . Which ones have at least 2 photos ? What are the id and name of the mountains that have at least 2 photos?
Show the id of the camera lens that has taken picture of each mountain .
Show the id of the camera lens that has taken picture of each mountain . Which one has taken pictures of the most mountains .
Show the id of the camera lens that has taken picture of each mountain . Which one has taken pictures of the most mountains . What is the name of this camera ?
Show the id of the camera lens that has taken picture of each mountain . Which one has taken pictures of the most mountains . What is the name of this camera ? What are the names of the cameras that have taken picture of the most mountains?
For each photo , show the id of the camera lens that has taken it .
For each photo , show the id of the camera lens that has taken it . Which photos were taken with the lens brand 'Sigma ' or 'Olympus ' ?
For each photo , show the id of the camera lens that has taken it . Which photos were taken with the lens brand 'Sigma ' or 'Olympus ' ? Give me the photo names .
For each photo , show the id of the camera lens that has taken it . Which photos were taken with the lens brand 'Sigma ' or 'Olympus ' ? Give me the photo names . What are the names of photos taken with the lens brand 'Sigma' or 'Olympus'?
What is the brand of each camera lens ?
What is the brand of each camera lens ? How many different kinds are there ?
What is the brand of each camera lens ? How many different kinds are there ? How many different kinds of lens brands are there?
Show the id of all the camera lenses used for taking photos .
Show the id of all the camera lenses used for taking photos . Which camera lenses were not used for taking any photos ?
Show the id of all the camera lenses used for taking photos . Which camera lenses were not used for taking any photos ? How many are there ?
Show the id of all the camera lenses used for taking photos . Which camera lenses were not used for taking any photos ? How many are there ? How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos?
Which mountains are in the country 'Ethiopia ' ?
Which mountains are in the country 'Ethiopia ' ? Which camera lenses are used to take photos of these mountains ? Return the camera lens ids .
Which mountains are in the country 'Ethiopia ' ? Which camera lenses are used to take photos of these mountains ? Return the camera lens ids . How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are there , among these ?
Which mountains are in the country 'Ethiopia ' ? Which camera lenses are used to take photos of these mountains ? Return the camera lens ids . How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are there , among these ? How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountains in the country 'Ethiopia'?
Which mountains are in the range 'Toubkal Atlas ' ?
Which mountains are in the range 'Toubkal Atlas ' ? Find the brands of lenses that took a picture of mountains with range 'Toubkal Atlas '
Which mountains are in the range 'Toubkal Atlas ' ? Find the brands of lenses that took a picture of mountains with range 'Toubkal Atlas ' Of these , which ones have also taken a picture of mountains with range 'Lasta Massif '
Which mountains are in the range 'Toubkal Atlas ' ? Find the brands of lenses that took a picture of mountains with range 'Toubkal Atlas ' Of these , which ones have also taken a picture of mountains with range 'Lasta Massif ' List the brands of lenses that took both a picture of mountains with range 'Toubkal Atlas' and a picture of mountains with range 'Lasta Massif'
Which pictures are taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma ' ?
Which pictures are taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma ' ? Show the name and prominence of the mountains whose picture is not taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma ' .
Which pictures are taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma ' ? Show the name and prominence of the mountains whose picture is not taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma ' . Show the name and prominence of the mountains whose picture is not taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma'.
Show the name of each camera lens .
Show the name of each camera lens . Find the camera lens names containing substring `` Digital '' .
Show the name of each camera lens . Find the camera lens names containing substring `` Digital '' . List the camera lens names containing substring "Digital".
Tell me claim 143 's settled amount .
Tell me claim 143 's settled amount . Tell me its number of settlements .
Tell me claim 143 's settled amount . Tell me its number of settlements . Which claims caused more than 2 settlements or have the maximum claim value ? List the date the claim was made and the claim id .
Tell me claim 143 's settled amount . Tell me its number of settlements . Which claims caused more than 2 settlements or have the maximum claim value ? List the date the claim was made and the claim id . Which claims caused more than 2 settlements or have the maximum claim value? List the date the claim was made and the claim id.
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Ellsworth Paucek .
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Ellsworth Paucek . Tell me the number of policies of the customer named Ellsworth Paucek .
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Ellsworth Paucek . Tell me the number of policies of the customer named Ellsworth Paucek . Which customer had at least 2 policies but did not file any claims ? List the customer details and id .
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Ellsworth Paucek . Tell me the number of policies of the customer named Ellsworth Paucek . Which customer had at least 2 policies but did not file any claims ? List the customer details and id . Which customer had at least 2 policies but did not file any claims? List the customer details and id.
What is the claim settled date of the claim with id 571 .
What is the claim settled date of the claim with id 571 . What is its settlement amount ?
What is the claim settled date of the claim with id 571 . What is its settlement amount ? Among all the claims , what is the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount ? List both the settlement amount and claim amount
What is the claim settled date of the claim with id 571 . What is its settlement amount ? Among all the claims , what is the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount ? List both the settlement amount and claim amount Among all the claims, what is the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Dr. Diana Rathk .
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Dr. Diana Rathk . What was their claim amount ?
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Dr. Diana Rathk . What was their claim amount ? Among all the claims , what is the amount claimed in the claim with the least amount settled ? List both the settlement amount and claim amount
Tell me the claims id of the customer named Dr. Diana Rathk . What was their claim amount ? Among all the claims , what is the amount claimed in the claim with the least amount settled ? List both the settlement amount and claim amount Among all the claims, what is the amount claimed in the claim with the least amount settled? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Among all the claims , which one has the largest claim amount ?
Among all the claims , which one has the largest claim amount ? Which one has the least claim amount ?
Among all the claims , which one has the largest claim amount ? Which one has the least claim amount ? Which claims have a claimed amount larger than the average ? Tell me the date the claim was made and the date it was settled .
Among all the claims , which one has the largest claim amount ? Which one has the least claim amount ? Which claims have a claimed amount larger than the average ? Tell me the date the claim was made and the date it was settled . Among all the claims, which claims have a claimed amount larger than the average? List the date the claim was made and the date it was settled.
Tell me claim 563 's claim amount .
Tell me claim 563 's claim amount . How about that of claim 621 ?
Tell me claim 563 's claim amount . How about that of claim 621 ? Among all the claims , which settlements have a claimed amount that is no more than the average ? List the claim start date .
Tell me claim 563 's claim amount . How about that of claim 621 ? Among all the claims , which settlements have a claimed amount that is no more than the average ? List the claim start date . Among all the claims, which settlements have a claimed amount that is no more than the average? List the claim start date.
Tell me claim 621 's claim amount .
Tell me claim 621 's claim amount . How about its settlement claim amount ?
Tell me claim 621 's claim amount . How about its settlement claim amount ? How many settlements does each claim correspond to ? List the claim id and the number of settlements .
Tell me claim 621 's claim amount . How about its settlement claim amount ? How many settlements does each claim correspond to ? List the claim id and the number of settlements . How many settlements does each claim correspond to? List the claim id and the number of settlements.
Tell me the number of settlements of claim 957
Tell me the number of settlements of claim 957 How about the settlement claim amount ?
Tell me the number of settlements of claim 957 How about the settlement claim amount ? Which claim incurred the most number of settlements ? List the claim id , the date the claim was made , and the number
Tell me the number of settlements of claim 957 How about the settlement claim amount ? Which claim incurred the most number of settlements ? List the claim id , the date the claim was made , and the number Which claim incurred the most number of settlements? List the claim id, the date the claim was made, and the number.
Tell me the settlement amount of settlement 564 .
Tell me the settlement amount of settlement 564 . What is the date on which the claim was made ?
Tell me the settlement amount of settlement 564 . What is the date on which the claim was made ? How many settlements were made on the claim with the most recent claim settlement date ? Tell me the number and the claim id .
Tell me the settlement amount of settlement 564 . What is the date on which the claim was made ? How many settlements were made on the claim with the most recent claim settlement date ? Tell me the number and the claim id . How many settlements were made on the claim with the most recent claim settlement date? List the number and the claim id.
Tell me which claim has the largest claim amount .
Tell me which claim has the largest claim amount . How about the latest one ?
Tell me which claim has the largest claim amount . How about the latest one ? How about the earliest one ?
Tell me which claim has the largest claim amount . How about the latest one ? How about the earliest one ? Of all the claims, what was the earliest date when any claim was made?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke How many are there ?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke How many are there ? Who are the customers that have had more than 1 policy ?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke How many are there ? Who are the customers that have had more than 1 policy ? Who are the customers that had more than 1 policy? List the customer details and id.
Tell me payment method code of the most recent payment .
Tell me payment method code of the most recent payment . Tell me the amount of the most recent payment .
Tell me payment method code of the most recent payment . Tell me the amount of the most recent payment . What is the most popular payment method ?
Tell me payment method code of the most recent payment . Tell me the amount of the most recent payment . What is the most popular payment method ? What is the most popular payment method?
Tell me how many payments are processed by MasterCard ?
Tell me how many payments are processed by MasterCard ? How about that of Discover Card ?
Tell me how many payments are processed by MasterCard ? How about that of Discover Card ? With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed ?
Tell me how many payments are processed by MasterCard ? How about that of Discover Card ? With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed ? With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke .
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke . How many are there ?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke . How many are there ? Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Augustine Kerluke . How many are there ? Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers ? Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Selena Gerhold .
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Selena Gerhold . How about that of the customer named Sydnie Friesen ?
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Selena Gerhold . How about that of the customer named Sydnie Friesen ? Tell me the details of the customers who do not have any policies .
Tell me the policy types of the customer named Selena Gerhold . How about that of the customer named Sydnie Friesen ? Tell me the details of the customers who do not have any policies . List the details of the customers who do not have any policies.
Show information for all train stations .
Show information for all train stations . How many are there ?
Show information for all train stations . How many are there ? How many train stations are there?
Show the name for all stations .
Show the name for all stations . Also show the location for them .
Show the name for all stations . Also show the location for them . Also add the number of platforms for each .
Show the name for all stations . Also show the location for them . Also add the number of platforms for each . Show the name, location, and number of platforms for all stations.
Show the location for each train station .
Show the location for each train station . Show only distinct results .
Show the location for each train station . Show only distinct results . What are all locations of train stations?
Show the name for all train stations .
Show the name for all train stations . Also show the total passenger for them .
Show the name for all train stations . Also show the total passenger for them . How about the results for those stations not in London ?
Show the name for all train stations . Also show the total passenger for them . How about the results for those stations not in London ? Show the names and total passengers for all train stations not in London.
Show the names of the stations .
Show the names of the stations . Also show the main services for them .
Show the names of the stations . Also show the main services for them . Order the results by the total number of passengers , descending .
Show the names of the stations . Also show the main services for them . Order the results by the total number of passengers , descending . Only show the top three .
Show the names of the stations . Also show the main services for them . Order the results by the total number of passengers , descending . Only show the top three . Show the names and main services for train stations that have the top three total number of passengers.
Show the total passengers for all train stations .
Show the total passengers for all train stations . Show the total passengers for those in either London or Glasgow .
Show the total passengers for all train stations . Show the total passengers for those in either London or Glasgow . What is the average ?
Show the total passengers for all train stations . Show the total passengers for those in either London or Glasgow . What is the average ? Also show the maximum .
Show the total passengers for all train stations . Show the total passengers for those in either London or Glasgow . What is the average ? Also show the maximum . What is the average and maximum number of total passengers for train stations in London or Glasgow?
Show the location for train stations .
Show the location for train stations . For each location of them , show the total number of platforms .
Show the location for train stations . For each location of them , show the total number of platforms . For each of them , also show the total number of passengers .
Show the location for train stations . For each location of them , show the total number of platforms . For each of them , also show the total number of passengers . Show all locations and the total number of platforms and passengers for all train stations in each location.
Show locations for stations .
Show locations for stations . Show locations for stations with at least 15 platforms .
Show locations for stations . Show locations for stations with at least 15 platforms . Among those , which locations also have stations with more than 25 total passengers ?
Show locations for stations . Show locations for stations with at least 15 platforms . Among those , which locations also have stations with more than 25 total passengers ? Show distinct locations of them .
Show locations for stations . Show locations for stations with at least 15 platforms . Among those , which locations also have stations with more than 25 total passengers ? Show distinct locations of them . Show all locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms and train stations with more than 25 total passengers.
Show all locations of train stations .
Show all locations of train stations . Show locations with a station having at least 15 platforms .
Show all locations of train stations . Show locations with a station having at least 15 platforms . Show all locations that do n't .
Show all locations of train stations . Show locations with a station having at least 15 platforms . Show all locations that do n't . Show all locations which don't have a train station with at least 15 platforms.
Show the location for all train stations .
Show the location for all train stations . Show them in descending order of the number of train stations .
Show the location for all train stations . Show them in descending order of the number of train stations . Which one has the most ?
Show the location for all train stations . Show them in descending order of the number of train stations . Which one has the most ? Show the location with most number of train stations.
Show the name for all trains .
Show the name for all trains . Also show the time and service for them .
Show the name for all trains . Also show the time and service for them . Show the name, time, and service for all trains.
Show information for all trains .
Show information for all trains . How many are there ?
Show information for all trains . How many are there ? Show the number of trains
Show the names of the trains .
Show the names of the trains . Also show the services .
Show the names of the trains . Also show the services . Order the result by time .
Show the names of the trains . Also show the services . Order the result by time . Show the name and service for all trains in order by time.
Show the name for each station .
Show the name for each station . For each station name , also count the number of trains .
Show the name for each station . For each station name , also count the number of trains . Show the station name and number of trains in each station.
Show the name for each train .
Show the name for each train . For each train , also show the station name .
Show the name for each train . For each train , also show the station name . show the train name and station name for each train.
Show all train names and times .
Show all train names and times . Show the results only for trains in stations in London .
Show all train names and times . Show the results only for trains in stations in London . Order them in descending order by train time .
Show all train names and times . Show the results only for trains in stations in London . Order them in descending order by train time . Show all train names and times in stations in London in descending order by train time.
Show the name for all train stations .
Show the name for all train stations . Order those names in descending order of the number of trains .
Show the name for all train stations . Order those names in descending order of the number of trains . Which one has the most ?
Show the name for all train stations . Order those names in descending order of the number of trains . Which one has the most ? Show the station name with greatest number of trains.
List the name for all stations .
List the name for all stations . Also count the number of trains for each .
List the name for all stations . Also count the number of trains for each . Show those names with at least two trains .
List the name for all stations . Also count the number of trains for each . Show those names with at least two trains . Show the station name with at least two trains.
Show the location for all stations .
Show the location for all stations . What are those locations with only 1 station ?
Show the location for all stations . What are those locations with only 1 station ? Show all locations with only 1 station.
Show station id for all stations with a train .
Show station id for all stations with a train . Show the name of stations without any train .
Show station id for all stations with a train . Show the name of stations without any train . Show station names without any trains.
What are the names for all the stations ?
What are the names for all the stations ? What are the names for those serving `` Ananthapuri Express '' trains ?
What are the names for all the stations ? What are the names for those serving `` Ananthapuri Express '' trains ? How about those serving `` Guruvayur Express '' ?
What are the names for all the stations ? What are the names for those serving `` Ananthapuri Express '' trains ? How about those serving `` Guruvayur Express '' ? Which serve both ?
What are the names for all the stations ? What are the names for those serving `` Ananthapuri Express '' trains ? How about those serving `` Guruvayur Express '' ? Which serve both ? What are the names of the stations which serve both "Ananthapuri Express" and "Guruvayur Express" trains?
Show station ids for stations located in London .
Show station ids for stations located in London . Show the names for all trains .
Show station ids for stations located in London . Show the names for all trains . Only show the names for the trains that do not pass any station located in London .
Show station ids for stations located in London . Show the names for all trains . Only show the names for the trains that do not pass any station located in London . Find the names of the trains that do not pass any station located in London.
Tell me the age of the student named Tracy .
Tell me the age of the student named Tracy . Tell me the club she is in .
Tell me the age of the student named Tracy . Tell me the club she is in . Tell me the last names of the members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
Tell me the age of the student named Tracy . Tell me the club she is in . Tell me the last names of the members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Find the last names of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Tell me the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' .
Tell me the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' . How about its location ?
Tell me the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' . How about its location ? Tell me who are the members of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show me the last name .
Tell me the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' . How about its location ? Tell me who are the members of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show me the last name . Who are the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the last name.
Tell me the major of the student named `` Eric '' .
Tell me the major of the student named `` Eric '' . What club did he join ?
Tell me the major of the student named `` Eric '' . What club did he join ? How many members does the club `` Tennis Club '' have ?
Tell me the major of the student named `` Eric '' . What club did he join ? How many members does the club `` Tennis Club '' have ? How many members does the club "Tennis Club" has?
Tell me the positions of the student named Lisa .
Tell me the positions of the student named Lisa . Tell me the club she is in .
Tell me the positions of the student named Lisa . Tell me the club she is in . Show me the the number of members of club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' .
Tell me the positions of the student named Lisa . Tell me the club she is in . Show me the the number of members of club `` Pen and Paper Gaming '' . Find the number of members of club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
Tell me the advisor of `` Linda Smith '' .
Tell me the advisor of `` Linda Smith '' . Tell me her age .
Tell me the advisor of `` Linda Smith '' . Tell me her age . How many clubs does `` Linda Smith '' belong to ?
Tell me the advisor of `` Linda Smith '' . Tell me her age . How many clubs does `` Linda Smith '' belong to ? How many clubs does "Linda Smith" belong to?
Tell me Paul 's sex .
Tell me Paul 's sex . Tell me the number of clubs where he is a member .
Tell me Paul 's sex . Tell me the number of clubs where he is a member . What is the number of clubs where `` Tracy Kim '' is a member ?
Tell me Paul 's sex . Tell me the number of clubs where he is a member . What is the number of clubs where `` Tracy Kim '' is a member ? Find the number of clubs where "Tracy Kim" is a member.
Tell me the location of club `` Tennis Club '' .
Tell me the location of club `` Tennis Club '' . What is the first name of the members in it ?
Tell me the location of club `` Tennis Club '' . What is the first name of the members in it ? Tell me all the female members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' . Show the first name and last name .
Tell me the location of club `` Tennis Club '' . What is the first name of the members in it ? Tell me all the female members of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' . Show the first name and last name . Find all the female members of club "Bootup Baltimore". Show the first name and last name.
What is the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ?
What is the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? What are all the female members of the club ? Show me the first name .
What is the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? What are all the female members of the club ? Show me the first name . Who are the male members of the club ? Show me the first name and last name .
What is the description of the club named `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? What are all the female members of the club ? Show me the first name . Who are the male members of the club ? Show me the first name and last name . Find all the male members of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises". Show the first name and last name.
Tell me the first names of all the female students .
Tell me the first names of all the female students . Tell me their majors .
Tell me the first names of all the female students . Tell me their majors . Find all members of `` Bootup Baltimore '' whose major is `` 600 '' . Show the first name and last name
Tell me the first names of all the female students . Tell me their majors . Find all members of `` Bootup Baltimore '' whose major is `` 600 '' . Show the first name and last name Find all members of "Bootup Baltimore" whose major is "600". Show the first name and last name.
Tell me the first names of students whose advisor is 1121 .
Tell me the first names of students whose advisor is 1121 . Tell me the last names of students whose major is 600 .
Tell me the first names of students whose advisor is 1121 . Tell me the last names of students whose major is 600 . Tell me which club has the most members majoring in `` 600 '' .
Tell me the first names of students whose advisor is 1121 . Tell me the last names of students whose major is 600 . Tell me which club has the most members majoring in `` 600 '' . Which club has the most members majoring in "600"?
Tell me the club Andy is in .
Tell me the club Andy is in . What is Andy 's sex ?
Tell me the club Andy is in . What is Andy 's sex ? What is the name of the club that has the most female students .
Tell me the club Andy is in . What is Andy 's sex ? What is the name of the club that has the most female students . Find the name of the club that has the most female students.
How many students are in club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
How many students are in club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Tell me its location .
How many students are in club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Tell me its location . What is the first and last name of the president of this club ?
How many students are in club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Tell me its location . What is the first and last name of the president of this club ? What are the first and last name of the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Tell me the position of the student Jandy .
Tell me the position of the student Jandy . Tell me the club she is in .
Tell me the position of the student Jandy . Tell me the club she is in . Who is the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show the first name and last name .
Tell me the position of the student Jandy . Tell me the club she is in . Who is the `` CTO '' of club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' ? Show the first name and last name . Who is the "CTO" of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the first name and last name.
How many clubs are there in AKW ?
How many clubs are there in AKW ? Tell me their name .
How many clubs are there in AKW ? Tell me their name . How many different roles are there in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
How many clubs are there in AKW ? Tell me their name . How many different roles are there in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? How many different roles are there in the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
How many students are there living in NYC ?
How many students are there living in NYC ? Tell me the clubs they are in .
How many students are there living in NYC ? Tell me the clubs they are in . Tell me how many members of `` Bootup Baltimore '' are older than 18 ?
How many students are there living in NYC ? Tell me the clubs they are in . Tell me how many members of `` Bootup Baltimore '' are older than 18 ? How many members of "Bootup Baltimore" are older than 18?
What 's the age of the student named Derek ?
What 's the age of the student named Derek ? Tell me the age of students in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
What 's the age of the student named Derek ? Tell me the age of students in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? How many members of that club are younger than 18 ?
What 's the age of the student named Derek ? Tell me the age of students in the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? How many members of that club are younger than 18 ? How many members of club "Bootup Baltimore" are younger than 18?
Tell me first names of the students living in the city with city code `` LON ''
Tell me first names of the students living in the city with city code `` LON '' How about that of city with city code `` BAL ''
Tell me first names of the students living in the city with city code `` LON '' How about that of city with city code `` BAL '' Tell me the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code `` BAL '' .
Tell me first names of the students living in the city with city code `` LON '' How about that of city with city code `` BAL '' Tell me the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code `` BAL '' . Find the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "BAL".
Tell me the location of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' .
Tell me the location of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' . Tell me the city code of the cities where at least a member of that club live in .
Tell me the location of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' . Tell me the city code of the cities where at least a member of that club live in . What are the names of the clubs that have at least a member from the city with the city code `` HOU '' ?
Tell me the location of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' . Tell me the city code of the cities where at least a member of that club live in . What are the names of the clubs that have at least a member from the city with the city code `` HOU '' ? Find the names of the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "HOU".
Tell me the age of the student named `` Eric Tai '' .
Tell me the age of the student named `` Eric Tai '' . How about his advisor ?
Tell me the age of the student named `` Eric Tai '' . How about his advisor ? How many clubs does the student named `` Eric Tai '' belong to ?
Tell me the age of the student named `` Eric Tai '' . How about his advisor ? How many clubs does the student named `` Eric Tai '' belong to ? How many clubs does the student named "Eric Tai" belong to?
Tell me the city code of the city where `` Davis Steven '' lives .
Tell me the city code of the city where `` Davis Steven '' lives . What is his major ?
Tell me the city code of the city where `` Davis Steven '' lives . What is his major ? Tell me the clubs having `` Davis Steven '' as a member .
Tell me the city code of the city where `` Davis Steven '' lives . What is his major ? Tell me the clubs having `` Davis Steven '' as a member . List the clubs having "Davis Steven" as a member.
What is the student id of the student with first name `` Arthur '' ?
What is the student id of the student with first name `` Arthur '' ? Who is his advisor ?
What is the student id of the student with first name `` Arthur '' ? Who is his advisor ? Tell me the clubs that have at least a member with advisor `` 1121 '' .
What is the student id of the student with first name `` Arthur '' ? Who is his advisor ? Tell me the clubs that have at least a member with advisor `` 1121 '' . List the clubs that have at least a member with advisor "1121".
Tell me the age of the members of the club `` Tennis Club '' .
Tell me the age of the members of the club `` Tennis Club '' . How about that of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ?
Tell me the age of the members of the club `` Tennis Club '' . How about that of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Can you show me the average number ?
Tell me the age of the members of the club `` Tennis Club '' . How about that of the club `` Bootup Baltimore '' ? Can you show me the average number ? What is the average age of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Tell me the number of females in club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' .
Tell me the number of females in club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' . How about that of the members with age > 18 ?
Tell me the number of females in club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' . How about that of the members with age > 18 ? I want to know the average age of members in that club .
Tell me the number of females in club `` Hopkins Student Enterprises '' . How about that of the members with age > 18 ? I want to know the average age of members in that club . Find the average age of members of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
How many churches are there ?
How many churches are there ? What if we only count those opened before 1850 ?
How many churches are there ? What if we only count those opened before 1850 ? How many churches opened before 1850 are there?
Show all churches .
Show all churches . Give me their name , open data , and organizer .
Show all churches . Give me their name , open data , and organizer . Show the name, open date, and organizer for all churches.
Show all churches .
Show all churches . Sort them in descending order of opening date .
Show all churches . Sort them in descending order of opening date . Show the church names .
Show all churches . Sort them in descending order of opening date . Show the church names . List all church names in descending order of opening date.
What is the opening date of each church ?
What is the opening date of each church ? Show the opening year in which at least two churches opened .
What is the opening date of each church ? Show the opening year in which at least two churches opened . Show the opening year in which at least two churches opened.
Which churches opened between 1830 and 1840 ?
Which churches opened between 1830 and 1840 ? Show their names and organizers .
Which churches opened between 1830 and 1840 ? Show their names and organizers . Show the organizer and name for churches that opened between 1830 and 1840.
What is the opening year of each church ?
What is the opening year of each church ? Show all opening years and the number of churches that opened in that year .
What is the opening year of each church ? Show all opening years and the number of churches that opened in that year . Show all opening years and the number of churches that opened in that year.
What is the opening date of each church ?
What is the opening date of each church ? Which churches opened most recently ?
What is the opening date of each church ? Which churches opened most recently ? Show the name and opening year for three churches that opened most recently .
What is the opening date of each church ? Which churches opened most recently ? Show the name and opening year for three churches that opened most recently . Show the name and opening year for three churches that opened most recently.
Count the number of people in the record .
Count the number of people in the record . How many are female ?
Count the number of people in the record . How many are female ? How many of them are older than 30 ?
Count the number of people in the record . How many are female ? How many of them are older than 30 ? How many female people are older than 30 in our record?
Show all people whose age is below 25 .
Show all people whose age is below 25 . What are their countries ?
Show all people whose age is below 25 . What are their countries ? Which of these countries also have people older than 30 ?
Show all people whose age is below 25 . What are their countries ? Which of these countries also have people older than 30 ? Show the country where people older than 30 and younger than 25 are from.
What is the age of each person ?
What is the age of each person ? What is the average age ?
What is the age of each person ? What is the average age ? What are the minimum , maximum , and average age ?
What is the age of each person ? What is the average age ? What are the minimum , maximum , and average age ? Show the minimum, maximum, and average age for all people.
What is the average age of people ?
What is the average age of people ? Show people whose age is smaller than the average .
What is the average age of people ? Show people whose age is smaller than the average . What are their names and countries ?
What is the average age of people ? Show people whose age is smaller than the average . What are their names and countries ? Show the name and country for all people whose age is smaller than the average.
Show the information about weddings after year 2014 .
Show the information about weddings after year 2014 . Show the male names in all weddings after 2014 .
Show the information about weddings after year 2014 . Show the male names in all weddings after 2014 . Show the pair of male and female names in all weddings after year 2014 .
Show the information about weddings after year 2014 . Show the male names in all weddings after 2014 . Show the pair of male and female names in all weddings after year 2014 . Show the pair of male and female names in all weddings after year 2014
What are the ids of the males who had a wedding ?
What are the ids of the males who had a wedding ? Show all the male people who have not had a wedding .
What are the ids of the males who had a wedding ? Show all the male people who have not had a wedding . What are their names and ages ?
What are the ids of the males who had a wedding ? Show all the male people who have not had a wedding . What are their names and ages ? Show the name and age for all male people who don't have a wedding.
Which churches had a wedding in year 2015 ?
Which churches had a wedding in year 2015 ? Show all names of the churches except for those .
Which churches had a wedding in year 2015 ? Show all names of the churches except for those . Show all church names except for those that had a wedding in year 2015.
How many weddings were hosted in each church ?
How many weddings were hosted in each church ? Show all church names that have hosted least two weddings .
How many weddings were hosted in each church ? Show all church names that have hosted least two weddings . Show all church names that have hosted least two weddings.
Show all female people from Canada .
Show all female people from Canada . Show those that had a wedding in year 2016 .
Show all female people from Canada . Show those that had a wedding in year 2016 . What are their names ?
Show all female people from Canada . Show those that had a wedding in year 2016 . What are their names ? Show the names for all females from Canada having a wedding in year 2016.
How many weddings are there in total ?
How many weddings are there in total ? What about in the year 2016 ?
How many weddings are there in total ? What about in the year 2016 ? How many weddings are there in year 2016?
Show all people older than 30 .
Show all people older than 30 . Show all the weddings of people older than 30 .
Show all people older than 30 . Show all the weddings of people older than 30 . Show the church names for the weddings of all people older than 30 .
Show all people older than 30 . Show all the weddings of people older than 30 . Show the church names for the weddings of all people older than 30 . Show the church names for the weddings of all people older than 30.
Show the country of each person .
Show the country of each person . Count the number of people from each country .
Show the country of each person . Count the number of people from each country . Also show the country name .
Show the country of each person . Count the number of people from each country . Also show the country name . Show all countries and the number of people from each country.
How many people are there ?
How many people are there ? How many people aged 40 ?
How many people are there ? How many people aged 40 ? How many people aged either 35 or 36 ?
How many people are there ? How many people aged 40 ? How many people aged either 35 or 36 ? Please show their names .
How many people are there ? How many people aged 40 ? How many people aged either 35 or 36 ? Please show their names . Show the names of people aged either 35 or 36.
Who is the oldest person ?
Who is the oldest person ? Who is the youngest person ?
Who is the oldest person ? Who is the youngest person ? What is his party ?
Who is the oldest person ? Who is the youngest person ? What is his party ? What is the party of the youngest people?
How many parties are there ?
How many parties are there ? How many people are there in each party ?
How many parties are there ? How many people are there in each party ? Which party has the most people ?
How many parties are there ? How many people are there in each party ? Which party has the most people ? Show the party that has the most people.
How many people have been on the negative side ?
How many people have been on the negative side ? How about the affirmative side ?
How many people have been on the negative side ? How about the affirmative side ? Please give their full names .
How many people have been on the negative side ? How about the affirmative side ? Please give their full names . Please also show the dates and venues of debates .
How many people have been on the negative side ? How about the affirmative side ? Please give their full names . Please also show the dates and venues of debates . Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the affirmative side.
Show the names of people that won the debate on the nagative side .
Show the names of people that won the debate on the nagative side . Please list the names of people who have been on the negative side .
Show the names of people that won the debate on the nagative side . Please list the names of people who have been on the negative side . Please also show the dates and venues of debates
Show the names of people that won the debate on the nagative side . Please list the names of people who have been on the negative side . Please also show the dates and venues of debates Could you please order the results in ascending alphabetical order of name ?
Show the names of people that won the debate on the nagative side . Please list the names of people who have been on the negative side . Please also show the dates and venues of debates Could you please order the results in ascending alphabetical order of name ? Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the negative side, ordered in ascending alphabetical order of name.
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ?
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ? What is the average size of the audience in a debate ?
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ? What is the average size of the audience in a debate ? How many debates have an audience size bigger than 200 ?
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ? What is the average size of the audience in a debate ? How many debates have an audience size bigger than 200 ? Show the names of people that are on the affirmative side of these debates .
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ? What is the average size of the audience in a debate ? How many debates have an audience size bigger than 200 ? Show the names of people that are on the affirmative side of these debates . Show the names of people that are on affirmative side of debates with number of audience bigger than 200.
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ?
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ? Please show their names .
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ? Please show their names . Please also show the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates .
How many people have ever been on the affirmative side of debates ? Please show their names . Please also show the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates . Show the names of people and the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates.
How many people have ever been on the negative side of debates ?
How many people have ever been on the negative side of debates ? How many times have they been on the negative side of debates ?
How many people have ever been on the negative side of debates ? How many times have they been on the negative side of debates ? How many of them have been on the negative side of debates at least twice ?
How many people have ever been on the negative side of debates ? How many times have they been on the negative side of debates ? How many of them have been on the negative side of debates at least twice ? Show their names .
How many people have ever been on the negative side of debates ? How many times have they been on the negative side of debates ? How many of them have been on the negative side of debates at least twice ? Show their names . Show the names of people who have been on the negative side of debates at least twice.
Show me all the companies .
Show me all the companies . Which of these companies operate flights ?
Show me all the companies . Which of these companies operate flights ? Which companies operated flights with velocity less than 200 ?
Show me all the companies . Which of these companies operate flights ? Which companies operated flights with velocity less than 200 ? What are the distinct types of these companies ?
Show me all the companies . Which of these companies operate flights ? Which companies operated flights with velocity less than 200 ? What are the distinct types of these companies ? What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200?
List the names of all the companies .
List the names of all the companies . How many flights did each of these companies operate ?
List the names of all the companies . How many flights did each of these companies operate ? Show me only the companies that operated more than one flight .
List the names of all the companies . How many flights did each of these companies operate ? Show me only the companies that operated more than one flight . Show me only the ids and the names of these companies .
List the names of all the companies . How many flights did each of these companies operate ? Show me only the companies that operated more than one flight . Show me only the ids and the names of these companies . What are the ids and names of the companies that operated more than one flight?
Show me the names of all the airports
Show me the names of all the airports What are the number of flights for each of these airports ?
Show me the names of all the airports What are the number of flights for each of these airports ? Which airport had the most number of flights ?
Show me the names of all the airports What are the number of flights for each of these airports ? Which airport had the most number of flights ? Show me the id and IATA code of this airport as well .
Show me the names of all the airports What are the number of flights for each of these airports ? Which airport had the most number of flights ? Show me the id and IATA code of this airport as well . What is the id, name and IATA code of the airport that had most number of flights?
Show me the names of all the pilots .
Show me the names of all the pilots . Which of these pilots piloted a flight in the United States ?
Show me the names of all the pilots . Which of these pilots piloted a flight in the United States ? What about the pilots who did it at 'Billund Airport ' ?
Show me the names of all the pilots . Which of these pilots piloted a flight in the United States ? What about the pilots who did it at 'Billund Airport ' ? Which pilots did either one of those ?
Show me the names of all the pilots . Which of these pilots piloted a flight in the United States ? What about the pilots who did it at 'Billund Airport ' ? Which pilots did either one of those ? What are the different pilot names who had piloted a flight in the country 'United States' or in the airport named 'Billund Airport'?
Show me all the company names .
Show me all the company names . What are the types of these companies ?
Show me all the company names . What are the types of these companies ? How many companies have type 'Joint Venture ' ?
Show me all the company names . What are the types of these companies ? How many companies have type 'Joint Venture ' ? Tell me the most common company type .
Show me all the company names . What are the types of these companies ? How many companies have type 'Joint Venture ' ? Tell me the most common company type . What is the most common company type, and how many are there?
List the names of all the pilots .
List the names of all the pilots . Which companies did Thompson fly for ?
List the names of all the pilots . Which companies did Thompson fly for ? List all the airports where he drove an aircraft .
List the names of all the pilots . Which companies did Thompson fly for ? List all the airports where he drove an aircraft . What is the total number of airports where he has not driven an aircraft ?
List the names of all the pilots . Which companies did Thompson fly for ? List all the airports where he drove an aircraft . What is the total number of airports where he has not driven an aircraft ? How many airports haven't the pilot 'Thompson' driven an aircraft?
Show me the names of all the pilots
Show me the names of all the pilots Which of these pilots flied for a company that runs 'Cargo ' activities ?
Show me the names of all the pilots Which of these pilots flied for a company that runs 'Cargo ' activities ? Which pilots flied for a company that runs 'Catering services ' activities ?
Show me the names of all the pilots Which of these pilots flied for a company that runs 'Cargo ' activities ? Which pilots flied for a company that runs 'Catering services ' activities ? Which pilots flied for companies that ran both of those activities ?
Show me the names of all the pilots Which of these pilots flied for a company that runs 'Cargo ' activities ? Which pilots flied for a company that runs 'Catering services ' activities ? Which pilots flied for companies that ran both of those activities ? List the name of the pilots who have flied for both a company that mainly provide 'Cargo' services and a company that runs 'Catering services' activities.
Show me all the airports .
Show me all the airports . Show me the names of all airports .
Show me all the airports . Show me the names of all airports . Which of these airports start with the word 'international ' ?
Show me all the airports . Show me the names of all airports . Which of these airports start with the word 'international ' ? What about the ones that contains the word `` international '' ?
Show me all the airports . Show me the names of all airports . Which of these airports start with the word 'international ' ? What about the ones that contains the word `` international '' ? Which of the airport names contains the word 'international'?
Tell me about all the airports .
Tell me about all the airports . Tell me the names of these airports .
Tell me about all the airports . Tell me the names of these airports . How many companies operate in `` Akureyi airport '' ?
Tell me about all the airports . Tell me the names of these airports . How many companies operate in `` Akureyi airport '' ? What about for each airport ?
Tell me about all the airports . Tell me the names of these airports . How many companies operate in `` Akureyi airport '' ? What about for each airport ? How many companies operates airlines in each airport?
Show me everything about the airports .
Show me everything about the airports . What are the countries with these airports ?
Show me everything about the airports . What are the countries with these airports ? Which of these countries have more than 1 airport ?
Show me everything about the airports . What are the countries with these airports ? Which of these countries have more than 1 airport ? Which of them have more than 2 ?
Show me everything about the airports . What are the countries with these airports ? Which of these countries have more than 1 airport ? Which of them have more than 2 ? which countries have more than 2 airports?
What is all the information about the counties ?
What is all the information about the counties ? How many are there ?
What is all the information about the counties ? How many are there ? How many counties are there in total?
Show me all the information about counties .
Show me all the information about counties . I want to now the names of these counties .
Show me all the information about counties . I want to now the names of these counties . I also want to know their population .
Show me all the information about counties . I want to now the names of these counties . I also want to know their population . Show the county name and population of all counties.
Show me all the information about counties .
Show me all the information about counties . I also want to know their population .
Show me all the information about counties . I also want to know their population . Tell me the average number .
Show me all the information about counties . I also want to know their population . Tell me the average number . Show the average population of all counties.
Please show me the information of population about all counties .
Please show me the information of population about all counties . What 's the maximum one ?
Please show me the information of population about all counties . What 's the maximum one ? I want to know the minimum one .
Please show me the information of population about all counties . What 's the maximum one ? I want to know the minimum one . Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
Please tell me all the information about elections .
Please tell me all the information about elections . I only want to know the districts .
Please tell me all the information about elections . I only want to know the districts . Give me the unique ones .
Please tell me all the information about elections . I only want to know the districts . Give me the unique ones . Show all the distinct districts for elections.
Please tell me the information about all counties .
Please tell me the information about all counties . I want to know the county `` Howard '' specifically .
Please tell me the information about all counties . I want to know the county `` Howard '' specifically . Just show me the zip code of that county ?
Please tell me the information about all counties . I want to know the county `` Howard '' specifically . Just show me the zip code of that county ? Show the zip code of the county with name "Howard".
Please tell me the information about elections .
Please tell me the information about elections . Just give me the information about delegates .
Please tell me the information about elections . Just give me the information about delegates . How about the one from district 1 ?
Please tell me the information about elections . Just give me the information about delegates . How about the one from district 1 ? Show the delegate from district 1 in election.
Please tell me all the information about elections .
Please tell me all the information about elections . Just give me the information about delegate
Please tell me all the information about elections . Just give me the information about delegate I also want to know the committees .
Please tell me all the information about elections . Just give me the information about delegate I also want to know the committees . Show the delegate and committee information of elections.
Tell me the information about all parties
Tell me the information about all parties Who are the governors of those parties
Tell me the information about all parties Who are the governors of those parties Just give me the distinct results .
Tell me the information about all parties Who are the governors of those parties Just give me the distinct results . Give the number of those governors .
Tell me the information about all parties Who are the governors of those parties Just give me the distinct results . Give the number of those governors . How many distinct governors are there?
Tell me the information about all parties
Tell me the information about all parties I want to know the information about the Democratic party specifically .
Tell me the information about all parties I want to know the information about the Democratic party specifically . Who is their lieutenant governor ?
Tell me the information about all parties I want to know the information about the Democratic party specifically . Who is their lieutenant governor ? Tell me the comptroller of that party .
Tell me the information about all parties I want to know the information about the Democratic party specifically . Who is their lieutenant governor ? Tell me the comptroller of that party . Show the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party.
Tell me all the information about parties whose governor is Eliot Spitzer .
Tell me all the information about parties whose governor is Eliot Spitzer . I want to know the years in which he was the governor .
Tell me all the information about parties whose governor is Eliot Spitzer . I want to know the years in which he was the governor . Excellent . Just tell me the distinct ones .
Tell me all the information about parties whose governor is Eliot Spitzer . I want to know the years in which he was the governor . Excellent . Just tell me the distinct ones . In which distinct years was the governor "Eliot Spitzer"?
Please tell me all the information about elections .
Please tell me all the information about elections . Show all the information about election.
Tell me all the names of the counties .
Tell me all the names of the counties . I want to know their delegates including their names .
Tell me all the names of the counties . I want to know their delegates including their names . Show the delegates and the names of county they belong to.
Tell me all the names of the counties .
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates .
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates . Furthermore , please tell me which ones ' population is smaller than 100000 ?
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates . Furthermore , please tell me which ones ' population is smaller than 100000 ? Which delegates are from counties with population smaller than 100000?
Tell me all the names of the counties .
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates .
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates . Furthermore , please tell me which ones ' population is larger than 50000 ?
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates . Furthermore , please tell me which ones ' population is larger than 50000 ? Wonderful ! How many unique ones are there ?
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates . Furthermore , please tell me which ones ' population is larger than 50000 ? Wonderful ! How many unique ones are there ? How many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000?
Tell me all the names of the counties .
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates .
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates . Which one 's committee is `` Appropriations '' ?
Tell me all the names of the counties . Okay . I want to know their delegates . Which one 's committee is `` Appropriations '' ? What are the names of the county that the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to?
Tell me all the information about the democratic party .
Tell me all the information about the democratic party . Okay . I want to know all the party delegates and names .
Tell me all the information about the democratic party . Okay . I want to know all the party delegates and names . Show the delegates and the names of the party they belong to.
I want to know the governor of the liberal party .
I want to know the governor of the liberal party . Which one 's delegate is from district 1 .
I want to know the governor of the liberal party . Which one 's delegate is from district 1 . Who is its governor ?
I want to know the governor of the liberal party . Which one 's delegate is from district 1 . Who is its governor ? Who were the governors of the parties associated with delegates from district 1?
Tell me all the parties .
Tell me all the parties . Which one 's delegates are from district 1 or district 2 ?
Tell me all the parties . Which one 's delegates are from district 1 or district 2 ? Who were these parties ' comptrollers ?
Tell me all the parties . Which one 's delegates are from district 1 or district 2 ? Who were these parties ' comptrollers ? Who were the comptrollers of the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or district 2?
Tell me the delegates from committees Appropriations ?
Tell me the delegates from committees Appropriations ? which ones have delegates from Democratic party .
Tell me the delegates from committees Appropriations ? which ones have delegates from Democratic party . Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic party.
Tell me all the information about the counties .
Tell me all the information about the counties . For now , I just want to know these counties ' names .
Tell me all the information about the counties . For now , I just want to know these counties ' names . I also want to know the number of delegates of these counties
Tell me all the information about the counties . For now , I just want to know these counties ' names . I also want to know the number of delegates of these counties Show the name of each county along with the corresponding number of delegates from that county.
Tell me all the information about the counties .
Tell me all the information about the counties . For now , I just want to know the parties .
Tell me all the information about the counties . For now , I just want to know the parties . I also want to know the number of delegates of these parties .
Tell me all the information about the counties . For now , I just want to know the parties . I also want to know the number of delegates of these parties . Show the name of each party and the corresponding number of delegates from that party.
tell me the population of the county named Howard ?
tell me the population of the county named Howard ? I want to know all the counties ' names .
tell me the population of the county named Howard ? I want to know all the counties ' names . Sort them in ascending order by population .
tell me the population of the county named Howard ? I want to know all the counties ' names . Sort them in ascending order by population . Return the names of all counties sorted by population in ascending order.
Tell me the county with zip code D21 .
Tell me the county with zip code D21 . Okay . I want to know all the names of the counties .
Tell me the county with zip code D21 . Okay . I want to know all the names of the counties . Sort them in descending alphabetical order .
Tell me the county with zip code D21 . Okay . I want to know all the names of the counties . Sort them in descending alphabetical order . Return the names of all counties sorted by county name in descending alphabetical order.
Tell me the population of the county named Colony .
Tell me the population of the county named Colony . How about the one named Mansfield ?
Tell me the population of the county named Colony . How about the one named Mansfield ? Just show me which county has the biggest population .
Tell me the population of the county named Colony . How about the one named Mansfield ? Just show me which county has the biggest population . Show the name of the county with the biggest population.
Tell me the population of the county named Colony .
Tell me the population of the county named Colony . How about Mansfield 's
Tell me the population of the county named Colony . How about Mansfield 's just show me 3 ones which have the smallest population .
Tell me the population of the county named Colony . How about Mansfield 's just show me 3 ones which have the smallest population . Show the 3 counties with the smallest population.
Tell me the delegates of the county named Howard .
Tell me the delegates of the county named Howard . How about its committees ?
Tell me the delegates of the county named Howard . How about its committees ? just show me the counties which have at least two delegates .
Tell me the delegates of the county named Howard . How about its committees ? just show me the counties which have at least two delegates . Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates.
Tell me the information of all the parties .
Tell me the information of all the parties . I just want to know their names .
Tell me the information of all the parties . I just want to know their names . just show me the ones which have at least two records .
Tell me the information of all the parties . I just want to know their names . just show me the ones which have at least two records . Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
Tell me the delegates of county Howard .
Tell me the delegates of county Howard . How about that of the county Colony ?
Tell me the delegates of county Howard . How about that of the county Colony ? just show me the county which has the most delegates .
Tell me the delegates of county Howard . How about that of the county Colony ? just show me the county which has the most delegates . Show the name of the party that has the most delegates.
Tell me who is the governor of the liberal party .
Tell me who is the governor of the liberal party . Okay , tell me how many times he has been governor .
Tell me who is the governor of the liberal party . Okay , tell me how many times he has been governor . Which governor has been governor the most times ?
Tell me who is the governor of the liberal party . Okay , tell me how many times he has been governor . Which governor has been governor the most times ? Show the people that have been governor the most times.
Tell me the comptrollers of the Independence party .
Tell me the comptrollers of the Independence party . Okay , how about that of the Liberal party ?
Tell me the comptrollers of the Independence party . Okay , how about that of the Liberal party ? Which ones have been comptroller the most times ? Show also the corresponding number of times .
Tell me the comptrollers of the Independence party . Okay , how about that of the Liberal party ? Which ones have been comptroller the most times ? Show also the corresponding number of times . Show the people that have been comptroller the most times and the corresponding number of times.
Tell me the information of all the parties .
Tell me the information of all the parties . which parties have delegates in the election ?
Tell me the information of all the parties . which parties have delegates in the election ? Which ones do not ?
Tell me the information of all the parties . which parties have delegates in the election ? Which ones do not ? What are the names of parties that do not have delegates in election?
tell me which parties have delegates on the `` Appropriations '' committee ?
tell me which parties have delegates on the `` Appropriations '' committee ? So how about the ones with delegates on the `` Economic Matters '' committee ?
tell me which parties have delegates on the `` Appropriations '' committee ? So how about the ones with delegates on the `` Economic Matters '' committee ? Okay . I want to know which ones have delegates on both .
tell me which parties have delegates on the `` Appropriations '' committee ? So how about the ones with delegates on the `` Economic Matters '' committee ? Okay . I want to know which ones have delegates on both . What are the names of parties that have both delegates on "Appropriations" committee and "Economic Matters" committee
List the names of all different customers who have an loan .
List the names of all different customers who have an loan . For each customer , what is their total amount of loans ?
List the names of all different customers who have an loan . For each customer , what is their total amount of loans ? sort the result by the total amount , and no need to show the total amount .
List the names of all different customers who have an loan . For each customer , what is their total amount of loans ? sort the result by the total amount , and no need to show the total amount . List the name of all different customers who have an loan sorted by their total loan amount.
what are the names of the customers ?
what are the names of the customers ? just show customers who have the letter a in their name .
what are the names of the customers ? just show customers who have the letter a in their name . list their account balances too .
what are the names of the customers ? just show customers who have the letter a in their name . list their account balances too . Find the name and account balance of the customer whose name includes the letter a.
which states are the customers from ?
which states are the customers from ? find the names of customers from Utah or Texas .
which states are the customers from ? find the names of customers from Utah or Texas . what is their total account balance ?
which states are the customers from ? find the names of customers from Utah or Texas . what is their total account balance ? Find the total account balance of each customer from Utah or Texas.
find the names of customers who have a saving account .
find the names of customers who have a saving account . how about those who have a checking account ?
find the names of customers who have a saving account . how about those who have a checking account ? which of them have both kinds of accounts ?
find the names of customers who have a saving account . how about those who have a checking account ? which of them have both kinds of accounts ? Find the name of customers who have both saving and checking account types.
how many customers have a saving account ?
how many customers have a saving account ? what are their names ?
how many customers have a saving account ? what are their names ? who are those who do not have a savings account ?
how many customers have a saving account ? what are their names ? who are those who do not have a savings account ? Find the name of customers who do not have a saving account.
Find the names of customers who have a mortgage loan .
Find the names of customers who have a mortgage loan . who are those who do not have a mortgage ?
Find the names of customers who have a mortgage loan . who are those who do not have a mortgage ? Find the name of customers who do not have a loan with a type of Mortgages.
find the names of customers who have a loan .
find the names of customers who have a loan . which of them have a mortgage loan ?
find the names of customers who have a loan . which of them have a mortgage loan ? among them , who has an Auto loan as well ?
find the names of customers who have a loan . which of them have a mortgage loan ? among them , who has an Auto loan as well ? Find the name of customers who have loans of both Mortgages and Auto.
what is the average credit score of all customers ?
what is the average credit score of all customers ? list customers whose credit score is below the average .
what is the average credit score of all customers ? list customers whose credit score is below the average . just list their names .
what is the average credit score of all customers ? list customers whose credit score is below the average . just list their names . Find the name of customers whose credit score is below the average credit scores of all customers.
show the name and number of customers for each bank branch .
show the name and number of customers for each bank branch . order the result by the number of customers in descending order .
show the name and number of customers for each bank branch . order the result by the number of customers in descending order . Find the branch name of the bank that has the most customers .
show the name and number of customers for each bank branch . order the result by the number of customers in descending order . Find the branch name of the bank that has the most customers . Find the branch name of the bank that has the most number of customers.
what are the names of all customers ?
what are the names of all customers ? which one has the lowest credit score ?
what are the names of all customers ? which one has the lowest credit score ? Find the name of customer who has the lowest credit score.
what is the name of the customer with the lowest credit score ?
what is the name of the customer with the lowest credit score ? how about the one who has the highest credit score ?
what is the name of the customer with the lowest credit score ? how about the one who has the highest credit score ? show their account types and balances as well .
what is the name of the customer with the lowest credit score ? how about the one who has the highest credit score ? show their account types and balances as well . Find the name, account type, and account balance of the customer who has the highest credit score.
what is the average amount of all loans ?
what is the average amount of all loans ? how about the total amount ?
what is the average amount of all loans ? how about the total amount ? Find the names of customer who have loans .
what is the average amount of all loans ? how about the total amount ? Find the names of customer who have loans . who has the largest amount of loans ?
what is the average amount of all loans ? how about the total amount ? Find the names of customer who have loans . who has the largest amount of loans ? Find the name of customer who has the highest amount of loans.
show all different states where banks are located .
show all different states where banks are located . which state has the most bank customers ?
show all different states where banks are located . which state has the most bank customers ? Find the state which has the most number of customers.
what are the names of customers with a credit score lower than 50 ?
what are the names of customers with a credit score lower than 50 ? what is their average account balance ?
what are the names of customers with a credit score lower than 50 ? what is their average account balance ? find their average account balance for each different account type .
what are the names of customers with a credit score lower than 50 ? what is their average account balance ? find their average account balance for each different account type . For each account type, find the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50.
what states are the customers from ?
what states are the customers from ? For each state , how many customers have a credit score above 100 ?
what states are the customers from ? For each state , how many customers have a credit score above 100 ? find their total account balances .
what states are the customers from ? For each state , how many customers have a credit score above 100 ? find their total account balances . For each state, find the total account balance of customers whose credit score is above 100.
how many bank branches are not in the state of New York ?
how many bank branches are not in the state of New York ? what is the total number of bank branches ?
how many bank branches are not in the state of New York ? what is the total number of bank branches ? how many loans are offered by each branch ?
how many bank branches are not in the state of New York ? what is the total number of bank branches ? how many loans are offered by each branch ? what is the total amount of loans offered by each of them ?
how many bank branches are not in the state of New York ? what is the total number of bank branches ? how many loans are offered by each branch ? what is the total amount of loans offered by each of them ? Find the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch.
how many loans are there ?
how many loans are there ? what is the total amount of loans ?
how many loans are there ? what is the total amount of loans ? Find the names of customers who have at least one loan .
how many loans are there ? what is the total amount of loans ? Find the names of customers who have at least one loan . which of them have more than one loan ?
how many loans are there ? what is the total amount of loans ? Find the names of customers who have at least one loan . which of them have more than one loan ? Find the name of customers who have more than one loan.
Find the names of customers who have at least one loan .
Find the names of customers who have at least one loan . which of them have loans with a total amount of more than 5000 ?
Find the names of customers who have at least one loan . which of them have loans with a total amount of more than 5000 ? also show their account balances .
Find the names of customers who have at least one loan . which of them have loans with a total amount of more than 5000 ? also show their account balances . Find the name and account balance of the customers who have loans with a total amount of more than 5000.
what is the total amount of all loans ?
what is the total amount of all loans ? find the names of bank branches that provided these loans .
what is the total amount of all loans ? find the names of bank branches that provided these loans . which one offered the greatest total amount of loans ?
what is the total amount of all loans ? find the names of bank branches that provided these loans . which one offered the greatest total amount of loans ? Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans.
what are the names of customers whose credit score is higher than 200 ?
what are the names of customers whose credit score is higher than 200 ? how about those whose credit score is less than 100 ?
what are the names of customers whose credit score is higher than 200 ? how about those whose credit score is less than 100 ? what are the names of bank branches that provided any loans to them ?
what are the names of customers whose credit score is higher than 200 ? how about those whose credit score is less than 100 ? what are the names of bank branches that provided any loans to them ? which bank branch gave the greatest total amount of loans to a customer whose credit score is less than 100 ?
what are the names of customers whose credit score is higher than 200 ? how about those whose credit score is less than 100 ? what are the names of bank branches that provided any loans to them ? which bank branch gave the greatest total amount of loans to a customer whose credit score is less than 100 ? Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans to customers with credit score is less than 100.
how many loans have an amount greater than 3000 ?
how many loans have an amount greater than 3000 ? what are their types ?
how many loans have an amount greater than 3000 ? what are their types ? Find the names of the customers who own these loans .
how many loans have an amount greater than 3000 ? what are their types ? Find the names of the customers who own these loans . Find the the name of the customers who have a loan with amount more than 3000.
what is the total amount of all business loans ?
what is the total amount of all business loans ? what are the names of bank branches that provide these loans ?
what is the total amount of all business loans ? what are the names of bank branches that provide these loans ? which cities are these banks located at ?
what is the total amount of all business loans ? what are the names of bank branches that provide these loans ? which cities are these banks located at ? Find the city and name of bank branches that provide business loans.
show the name and credit score of all customers .
show the name and credit score of all customers . which of them have a credit score below 100 ?
show the name and credit score of all customers . which of them have a credit score below 100 ? Find the names of bank branches that have provided a loan to them .
show the name and credit score of all customers . which of them have a credit score below 100 ? Find the names of bank branches that have provided a loan to them . Find the names of bank branches that have provided a loan to any customer whose credit score is below 100.
how many bank branches does the state of New York have ?
how many bank branches does the state of New York have ? what are their names ?
how many bank branches does the state of New York have ? what are their names ? what is the total amount of loans provided by them ?
how many bank branches does the state of New York have ? what are their names ? what is the total amount of loans provided by them ? Find the total amount of loans provided by bank branches in the state of New York.
how many customers have at least one loan ?
how many customers have at least one loan ? which states are they from ?
how many customers have at least one loan ? which states are they from ? show their credit scores .
how many customers have at least one loan ? which states are they from ? show their credit scores . what is the average ?
how many customers have at least one loan ? which states are they from ? show their credit scores . what is the average ? Find the average credit score of the customers who have some loan.
Show all the aircraft information .
Show all the aircraft information . How many are there ?
Show all the aircraft information . How many are there ? How many aircrafts do we have?
Show the names of all aircraft .
Show the names of all aircraft . Also show the distances for each of them .
Show the names of all aircraft . Also show the distances for each of them . Show name and distance for all aircrafts.
Show the id for all aircrafts .
Show the id for all aircrafts . Only show the results for those with a distance longer than 1000 .
Show the id for all aircrafts . Only show the results for those with a distance longer than 1000 . Show ids for all aircrafts with more than 1000 distance.
How many aircraft are there ?
How many aircraft are there ? How many of them have a distance between 1000 and 5000 ?
How many aircraft are there ? How many of them have a distance between 1000 and 5000 ? How many aircrafts have distance between 1000 and 5000?
Show the name for all aircraft .
Show the name for all aircraft . What about the one with id 12 ?
Show the name for all aircraft . What about the one with id 12 ? Also show its distance .
Show the name for all aircraft . What about the one with id 12 ? Also show its distance . What is the name and distance for aircraft with id 12?
Show the distance for all aircrafts .
Show the distance for all aircrafts . Wnat is the minimum ?
Show the distance for all aircrafts . Wnat is the minimum ? Also show the average and maximum .
Show the distance for all aircrafts . Wnat is the minimum ? Also show the average and maximum . What is the minimum, average, and maximum distance of all aircrafts.
Show the id and name for all aircraft .
Show the id and name for all aircraft . Order the results in descending order of distance .
Show the id and name for all aircraft . Order the results in descending order of distance . Which one has the maximum ?
Show the id and name for all aircraft . Order the results in descending order of distance . Which one has the maximum ? Show the id and name of the aircraft with the maximum distance.
Show the name for all aircrafts .
Show the name for all aircrafts . Order them by the distance .
Show the name for all aircrafts . Order them by the distance . Which three have the lowest ?
Show the name for all aircrafts . Order them by the distance . Which three have the lowest ? Show the name of aircrafts with top three lowest distances.
What is the average distance ?
What is the average distance ? Show the name for all aircrafts with a distance above it .
What is the average distance ? Show the name for all aircrafts with a distance above it . Show names for all aircrafts with distances more than the average.
Show information for all employees .
Show information for all employees . Show the number of them .
Show information for all employees . Show the number of them . How many employees do we have?
Show the name for all employees .
Show the name for all employees . Also show their salaries .
Show the name for all employees . Also show their salaries . Order the results by their salary .
Show the name for all employees . Also show their salaries . Order the results by their salary . Show name and salary for all employees sorted by salary.
Show the id for all employees .
Show the id for all employees . Which of them have a salary above 100000 ?
Show the id for all employees . Which of them have a salary above 100000 ? Show ids for all employees with at least 100000 salary.
Show the total number of employees .
Show the total number of employees . How many of them have a salary between 100000 and 200000 ?
Show the total number of employees . How many of them have a salary between 100000 and 200000 ? How many employees have salary between 100000 and 200000?
Show the information for the employee with id 242518965 .
Show the information for the employee with id 242518965 . What is the name and salary for this employee ?
Show the information for the employee with id 242518965 . What is the name and salary for this employee ? What is the name and salary for employee with id 242518965?
What is the salary for all employees .
What is the salary for all employees . What are the average and maximum salaries .
What is the salary for all employees . What are the average and maximum salaries . What is average and maximum salary of all employees.
Show the id and name of the employees .
Show the id and name of the employees . Order them by salary .
Show the id and name of the employees . Order them by salary . Who has the maximum salary ?
Show the id and name of the employees . Order them by salary . Who has the maximum salary ? Show the id and name of the employee with maximum salary.
Show the names of all employees .
Show the names of all employees . Order the results by their salaries .
Show the names of all employees . Order the results by their salaries . Which three have the lowest ?
Show the names of all employees . Order the results by their salaries . Which three have the lowest ? Show the name of employees with three lowest salaries.
Show the salaries for all employees .
Show the salaries for all employees . What is the average of them ?
Show the salaries for all employees . What is the average of them ? Show the name for all employees with a salary above that .
Show the salaries for all employees . What is the average of them ? Show the name for all employees with a salary above that . Show names for all employees with salary more than the average.
Show ids for all the employees .
Show ids for all the employees . Show the id for employee Mark Young .
Show ids for all the employees . Show the id for employee Mark Young . Also show his salary .
Show ids for all the employees . Show the id for employee Mark Young . Also show his salary . Show the id and salary of Mark Young.
Show the info for all flights .
Show the info for all flights . How many are there ?
Show the info for all flights . How many are there ? How many flights do we have?
Show the flight number of all flights .
Show the flight number of all flights . Also show the origin and destination for them .
Show the flight number of all flights . Also show the origin and destination for them . Order them in the alphabetical order of the departure cities .
Show the flight number of all flights . Also show the origin and destination for them . Order them in the alphabetical order of the departure cities . Show flight number, origin, destination of all flights in the alphabetical order of the departure cities.
Show all flight numbers
Show all flight numbers Filter for only those from Los Angeles ?
Show all flight numbers Filter for only those from Los Angeles ? Show all flight number from Los Angeles.
Show the origin for all flights .
Show the origin for all flights . How about the origin for those with destination Honolulu ?
Show the origin for all flights . How about the origin for those with destination Honolulu ? Show origins of all flights with destination Honolulu.
Show the departure date and arrival date for all flights .
Show the departure date and arrival date for all flights . How about those from Los Angeles ?
Show the departure date and arrival date for all flights . How about those from Los Angeles ? From these results , only show those flying to Honolulu .
Show the departure date and arrival date for all flights . How about those from Los Angeles ? From these results , only show those flying to Honolulu . Show me the departure date and arrival date for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
Show the flight numbers for all flights .
Show the flight numbers for all flights . How about those with distance longer than 2000 ?
Show the flight numbers for all flights . How about those with distance longer than 2000 ? Show flight number for all flights with more than 2000 distance.
Show the price for all flights .
Show the price for all flights . How about those from Los Angeles to Honolulu ?
Show the price for all flights . How about those from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What is the average of them ?
Show the price for all flights . How about those from Los Angeles to Honolulu ? What is the average of them ? What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
Show the origin for all flights .
Show the origin for all flights . How about those with a price higher than 300 ?
Show the origin for all flights . How about those with a price higher than 300 ? For each of them , also show the destination .
Show the origin for all flights . How about those with a price higher than 300 ? For each of them , also show the destination . Show origin and destination for flights with price higher than 300.
Show the flight number and distance of all the flights .
Show the flight number and distance of all the flights . List them in the descending order of the price .
Show the flight number and distance of all the flights . List them in the descending order of the price . Which has the maximum price ?
Show the flight number and distance of all the flights . List them in the descending order of the price . Which has the maximum price ? Show the flight number and distance of the flight with maximum price.
Show all flight numbers .
Show all flight numbers . Order them by the distance .
Show all flight numbers . Order them by the distance . Show the three shortest .
Show all flight numbers . Order them by the distance . Show the three shortest . Show the flight number of flights with three lowest distances.
Show the distance and price for all flights .
Show the distance and price for all flights . Show the result only for those from Los Angeles .
Show the distance and price for all flights . Show the result only for those from Los Angeles . What is the average distance and average price for them ?
Show the distance and price for all flights . Show the result only for those from Los Angeles . What is the average distance and average price for them ? What is the average distance and average price for flights from Los Angeles.
Show the number of flights in total .
Show the number of flights in total . Breakdown the count by the origin .
Show the number of flights in total . Breakdown the count by the origin . Show all origins and the number of flights from each origin.
Show the destination for all flights .
Show the destination for all flights . For each of them , what is the number of flights ?
Show the destination for all flights . For each of them , what is the number of flights ? Show all destinations and the number of flights to each destination.
Show the origin for all flights .
Show the origin for all flights . For each city , how many flights are departing from there ?
Show the origin for all flights . For each city , how many flights are departing from there ? Order them in descending order of number of departures .
Show the origin for all flights . For each city , how many flights are departing from there ? Order them in descending order of number of departures . Which origin has the most ?
Show the origin for all flights . For each city , how many flights are departing from there ? Order them in descending order of number of departures . Which origin has the most ? Which origin has most number of flights?
Show the destination for all flights .
Show the destination for all flights . For each destination , show the number of flights arriving there .
Show the destination for all flights . For each destination , show the number of flights arriving there . Which destination has the fewest ?
Show the destination for all flights . For each destination , show the number of flights arriving there . Which destination has the fewest ? Which destination has least number of flights?
Show the name for all aircraft .
Show the name for all aircraft . Which one of them is being taken on flight 99 ?
Show the name for all aircraft . Which one of them is being taken on flight 99 ? What is the aircraft name for the flight with number 99
Show all flight numbers .
Show all flight numbers . Which of them are on aircraft Airbus A340-300 ?
Show all flight numbers . Which of them are on aircraft Airbus A340-300 ? Show all flight numbers with aircraft Airbus A340-300.
Show the name for all aircraft .
Show the name for all aircraft . For each of them , count the number of flights .
Show the name for all aircraft . For each of them , count the number of flights . Show aircraft names and number of flights for each aircraft.
Show names for all aircraft .
Show names for all aircraft . For each of them , also show the number of flights .
Show names for all aircraft . For each of them , also show the number of flights . Which two have the fewest ?
Show names for all aircraft . For each of them , also show the number of flights . Which two have the fewest ? Show names for all aircraft with at least two flights.
Show employee ids for all certificates .
Show employee ids for all certificates . What are the distinct ids among them ?
Show employee ids for all certificates . What are the distinct ids among them ? How many are there ?
Show employee ids for all certificates . What are the distinct ids among them ? How many are there ? How many employees have certificate.
Show the employee ids with a certificate .
Show the employee ids with a certificate . Show the employee ids without any .
Show the employee ids with a certificate . Show the employee ids without any . Show ids for all employees who do not have a certificate.
Show the name for all aircraft .
Show the name for all aircraft . For each , also show the names of employees with a certificate on it .
Show the name for all aircraft . For each , also show the names of employees with a certificate on it . What are the names of aircraft of which John Williams has certificates ?
Show the name for all aircraft . For each , also show the names of employees with a certificate on it . What are the names of aircraft of which John Williams has certificates ? Show names for all aircrafts of which John Williams has certificates.
Show names for all employees .
Show names for all employees . Also show the name of aircraft on which they have a certificate .
Show names for all employees . Also show the name of aircraft on which they have a certificate . Which of those employees have certificate of Boeing 737-800 ?
Show names for all employees . Also show the name of aircraft on which they have a certificate . Which of those employees have certificate of Boeing 737-800 ? Show names for all employees who have certificate of Boeing 737-800.
Show names for all employees .
Show names for all employees . Which of those have certificates on Boeing 737-800 ?
Show names for all employees . Which of those have certificates on Boeing 737-800 ? How about those with certificates on Airbus A340-300 ?
Show names for all employees . Which of those have certificates on Boeing 737-800 ? How about those with certificates on Airbus A340-300 ? Who have both ?
Show names for all employees . Which of those have certificates on Boeing 737-800 ? How about those with certificates on Airbus A340-300 ? Who have both ? Show names for all employees who have certificates on both Boeing 737-800 and Airbus A340-300.
Show the names of employees with a certificate .
Show the names of employees with a certificate . Which of them have a certificate on Boeing 737-800 ?
Show the names of employees with a certificate . Which of them have a certificate on Boeing 737-800 ? Show the names for all employees without this particular certificate .
Show the names of employees with a certificate . Which of them have a certificate on Boeing 737-800 ? Show the names for all employees without this particular certificate . Show names for all employees who do not have certificate of Boeing 737-800.
Show the name of all aircrafts .
Show the name of all aircrafts . Also show the number of people with a certificate on each one .
Show the name of all aircrafts . Also show the number of people with a certificate on each one . Order the aircraft by these counts .
Show the name of all aircrafts . Also show the number of people with a certificate on each one . Order the aircraft by these counts . Which of them has the fewest ?
Show the name of all aircrafts . Also show the number of people with a certificate on each one . Order the aircraft by these counts . Which of them has the fewest ? Show the name of aircraft which fewest people have its certificate.
Show the name and distance of the aircrafts .
Show the name and distance of the aircrafts . How about those with a distance longer than 5000 ?
Show the name and distance of the aircrafts . How about those with a distance longer than 5000 ? Which also have at least 5 people with the certificate ?
Show the name and distance of the aircrafts . How about those with a distance longer than 5000 ? Which also have at least 5 people with the certificate ? Show the name and distance of the aircrafts with more than 5000 distance and which at least 5 people have its certificate.
Show the employee names with their corresponding counts of aircraft certificates .
Show the employee names with their corresponding counts of aircraft certificates . Order the employees by these counts .
Show the employee names with their corresponding counts of aircraft certificates . Order the employees by these counts . Who has the most certificates ?
Show the employee names with their corresponding counts of aircraft certificates . Order the employees by these counts . Who has the most certificates ? what is the name and salary of this employee ?
Show the employee names with their corresponding counts of aircraft certificates . Order the employees by these counts . Who has the most certificates ? what is the name and salary of this employee ? what is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates?
Show me a list of party ministers .
Show me a list of party ministers . Which ones took office between 1959 and 1961 ?
Show me a list of party ministers . Which ones took office between 1959 and 1961 ? How about the others except those ?
Show me a list of party ministers . Which ones took office between 1959 and 1961 ? How about the others except those ? Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959.
Who are all the ministers ?
Who are all the ministers ? When did they each start ?
Who are all the ministers ? When did they each start ? When did they each leave ?
Who are all the ministers ? When did they each start ? When did they each leave ? Who left most recently ?
Who are all the ministers ? When did they each start ? When did they each leave ? Who left most recently ? Return the minister who left office at the latest time.
What are all the party names ?
What are all the party names ? Show me all the members each have .
What are all the party names ? Show me all the members each have . How many does each party have ?
What are all the party names ? Show me all the members each have . How many does each party have ? Show all party names and the number of members in each party.
What about the least number ?
What about the least number ? How about the max ?
What about the least number ? How about the max ? What is the name of the party that has this number per party ?
What about the least number ? How about the max ? What is the name of the party that has this number per party ? What is the name of party with most number of members?
What are the names of all parties ?
What are the names of all parties ? How many have no members ?
What are the names of all parties ? How many have no members ? Which ones ?
What are the names of all parties ? How many have no members ? Which ones ? Show names of parties that does not have any members.
What are all the member names ?
What are all the member names ? Which ones are in party with id 1 ?
What are all the member names ? Which ones are in party with id 1 ? How about in party with id 3 ?
What are all the member names ? Which ones are in party with id 1 ? How about in party with id 3 ? Can you show me those in both ?
What are all the member names ? Which ones are in party with id 1 ? How about in party with id 3 ? Can you show me those in both ? Show the member names which are in both the party with id 3 and the party with id 1.
How many members are there ?
How many members are there ? How many are in the Progressive party ?
How many members are there ? How many are in the Progressive party ? How many are not ?
How many members are there ? How many are in the Progressive party ? How many are not ? What are their names ?
How many members are there ? How many are in the Progressive party ? How many are not ? What are their names ? Show member names that are not in the Progress Party.
What are the names and ids of all the party events ?
What are the names and ids of all the party events ? What parties are each event affiliated with ?
What are the names and ids of all the party events ? What parties are each event affiliated with ? Just show me a distinct list of the names these parties .
What are the names and ids of all the party events ? What parties are each event affiliated with ? Just show me a distinct list of the names these parties . Also show how many events each of them !
What are the names and ids of all the party events ? What parties are each event affiliated with ? Just show me a distinct list of the names these parties . Also show how many events each of them ! Show party names and the number of events for each party.
Show me all the information for all the party events ?
Show me all the information for all the party events ? Also show all the distinct member information of those in charge of them ?
Show me all the information for all the party events ? Also show all the distinct member information of those in charge of them ? Now just show me the distinct members information for all the members other than those ?
Show me all the information for all the party events ? Also show all the distinct member information of those in charge of them ? Now just show me the distinct members information for all the members other than those ? Just show me their names !
Show me all the information for all the party events ? Also show all the distinct member information of those in charge of them ? Now just show me the distinct members information for all the members other than those ? Just show me their names ! Show all member names who are not in charge of any event.
What parties do not host any events ?
What parties do not host any events ? Which ones host at least one event ?
What parties do not host any events ? Which ones host at least one event ? How about 2 ?
What parties do not host any events ? Which ones host at least one event ? How about 2 ? Show just the names of these !
What parties do not host any events ? Which ones host at least one event ? How about 2 ? Show just the names of these ! What are the names of parties with at least 2 events?
How many different member in charges are there for all party_events ?
How many different member in charges are there for all party_events ? What are their names ?
How many different member in charges are there for all party_events ? What are their names ? How many events are they each in charge of ?
How many different member in charges are there for all party_events ? What are their names ? How many events are they each in charge of ? Who has the greatest number ?
How many different member in charges are there for all party_events ? What are their names ? How many events are they each in charge of ? Who has the greatest number ? What is the name of member in charge of greatest number of events?
Show me all the event ids , event names and party id for each party_event .
Show me all the event ids , event names and party id for each party_event . How events are there for every party ?
Show me all the event ids , event names and party id for each party_event . How events are there for every party ? How about for every event name ?
Show me all the event ids , event names and party id for each party_event . How events are there for every party ? How about for every event name ? Which event names have at least 2 ?
Show me all the event ids , event names and party id for each party_event . How events are there for every party ? How about for every event name ? Which event names have at least 2 ? find the event names that have more than 2 records.
List the names and nationalities of all architects .
List the names and nationalities of all architects . Include their ids as well .
List the names and nationalities of all architects . Include their ids as well . Only include architects who are male .
List the names and nationalities of all architects . Include their ids as well . Only include architects who are male . List the names alphabetically .
List the names and nationalities of all architects . Include their ids as well . Only include architects who are male . List the names alphabetically . List the name, nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically.
What are the different types of mills ?
What are the different types of mills ? Which ones were built by American architects ?
What are the different types of mills ? Which ones were built by American architects ? Include those built by Canadian architects as well .
What are the different types of mills ? Which ones were built by American architects ? Include those built by Canadian architects as well . What are the distinct types of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects?
What are the ids and names of all architects ?
What are the ids and names of all architects ? How many of those architects built less than 3 bridges ?
What are the ids and names of all architects ? How many of those architects built less than 3 bridges ? How many built 3 or more bridges ?
What are the ids and names of all architects ? How many of those architects built less than 3 bridges ? How many built 3 or more bridges ? Please list their ids and names .
What are the ids and names of all architects ? How many of those architects built less than 3 bridges ? How many built 3 or more bridges ? Please list their ids and names . What are the ids and names of the architects who built at least 3 bridges ?
How many mills did each architect build ?
How many mills did each architect build ? Order by decreasing number of mills built .
How many mills did each architect build ? Order by decreasing number of mills built . Which architect built the most mills ?
How many mills did each architect build ? Order by decreasing number of mills built . Which architect built the most mills ? Please list his id and nationality as well .
How many mills did each architect build ? Order by decreasing number of mills built . Which architect built the most mills ? Please list his id and nationality as well . What is the id, name and nationality of the architect who built most mills?
List the names of architects who built 2 bridges .
List the names of architects who built 2 bridges . Include architects who built 1 mill .
List the names of architects who built 2 bridges . Include architects who built 1 mill . Include their ids and genders as well .
List the names of architects who built 2 bridges . Include architects who built 1 mill . Include their ids and genders as well . What are the ids, names and genders of the architects who built two bridges or one mill?
List the locations of all bridges .
List the locations of all bridges . Where is the bridge named Kolob Arch located ?
List the locations of all bridges . Where is the bridge named Kolob Arch located ? Include the location of the bridge named Rainbow Bridge .
List the locations of all bridges . Where is the bridge named Kolob Arch located ? Include the location of the bridge named Rainbow Bridge . What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch' or 'Rainbow Bridge'?
List all of the mill names .
List all of the mill names . Just show mill names that contain the word Moulin .
List all of the mill names . Just show mill names that contain the word Moulin . Which of the mill names contains the french word 'Moulin'?
Which architects have built bridges ?
Which architects have built bridges ? Which of them have built bridges longer than 80 meters ?
Which architects have built bridges ? Which of them have built bridges longer than 80 meters ? How many of those architects have also built mills ?
Which architects have built bridges ? Which of them have built bridges longer than 80 meters ? How many of those architects have also built mills ? Please list the names of those mills .
Which architects have built bridges ? Which of them have built bridges longer than 80 meters ? How many of those architects have also built mills ? Please list the names of those mills . What are the distinct name of the mills built by the architects who have also built a bridge longer than 80 meters?
What are the different mill types ?
What are the different mill types ? Order by the number of mills of each type in decreasing order .
What are the different mill types ? Order by the number of mills of each type in decreasing order . What is the most common mill type ?
What are the different mill types ? Order by the number of mills of each type in decreasing order . What is the most common mill type ? How many mills of that type are there ?
What are the different mill types ? Order by the number of mills of each type in decreasing order . What is the most common mill type ? How many mills of that type are there ? What is the most common mill type, and how many are there?
Count the total number of architects .
Count the total number of architects . How many have built a mill ?
Count the total number of architects . How many have built a mill ? How many did not build a mill before 1850 ?
Count the total number of architects . How many have built a mill ? How many did not build a mill before 1850 ? How many architects haven't built a mill before year 1850?
What are the locations of each school ordered in the date founded , oldest first ?
What are the locations of each school ordered in the date founded , oldest first ? Actually , order the result in ascending order of enrollment .
What are the locations of each school ordered in the date founded , oldest first ? Actually , order the result in ascending order of enrollment . List the locations of schools in ascending order of enrollment.
What are the locations of each school ?
What are the locations of each school ? Order the result in descending order of founded year .
What are the locations of each school ? Order the result in descending order of founded year . List the locations of schools in descending order of founded year.
What is the denomination of each school ?
What is the denomination of each school ? What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is `` Catholic '' ?
What is the denomination of each school ? What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is `` Catholic '' ? How about non-Catholic ?
What is the denomination of each school ? What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is `` Catholic '' ? How about non-Catholic ? What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is not "Catholic"?
What is the combined total enrollment of all schools ?
What is the combined total enrollment of all schools ? How about the maximum enrollment ?
What is the combined total enrollment of all schools ? How about the maximum enrollment ? Show me the average enrollment .
What is the combined total enrollment of all schools ? How about the maximum enrollment ? Show me the average enrollment . What is the average enrollment of schools?
What are the ages of the players ?
What are the ages of the players ? Show their teams instead .
What are the ages of the players ? Show their teams instead . Sort the result in ascending alphabetical order .
What are the ages of the players ? Show their teams instead . Sort the result in ascending alphabetical order . What are the teams of the players, sorted in ascending alphabetical order?
Show me all about each player .
Show me all about each player . Who is the oldest among them ?
Show me all about each player . Who is the oldest among them ? What 's his team ?
Show me all about each player . Who is the oldest among them ? What 's his team ? Find the team of the player of the highest age.
How many players are there ?
How many players are there ? What 's their average age ?
How many players are there ? What 's their average age ? List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages .
How many players are there ? What 's their average age ? List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages . List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages.
Show me the location of each school .
Show me the location of each school . For each player , show the location of the school they belong to .
Show me the location of each school . For each player , show the location of the school they belong to . Also provide , the team name .
Show me the location of each school . For each player , show the location of the school they belong to . Also provide , the team name . For each player, show the team and the location of school they belong to.
How many schools are there ?
How many schools are there ? Show me their locations .
How many schools are there ? Show me their locations . Which of them have more than 3 players ?
How many schools are there ? Show me their locations . Which of them have more than 3 players ? How about more than 1 player ?
How many schools are there ? Show me their locations . Which of them have more than 3 players ? How about more than 1 player ? Show the locations of schools that have more than 1 player.
Which school has the least number of players ?
Which school has the least number of players ? How about with the most players ?
Which school has the least number of players ? How about with the most players ? Show me the denomination of this school .
Which school has the least number of players ? How about with the most players ? Show me the denomination of this school . Show the denomination of the school that has the most players.
Show me the school details .
Show me the school details . What 's each school 's color ?
Show me the school details . What 's each school 's color ? List the location and nickname of each school .
Show me the school details . What 's each school 's color ? List the location and nickname of each school . Show locations and nicknames of schools.
Show me whether each school is a boys ' or girls ' school .
Show me whether each school is a boys ' or girls ' school . What are the distinct school denominations ?
Show me whether each school is a boys ' or girls ' school . What are the distinct school denominations ? For each denomination , how many schools are there ?
Show me whether each school is a boys ' or girls ' school . What are the distinct school denominations ? For each denomination , how many schools are there ? Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools.
How many different denominations does each school have ?
How many different denominations does each school have ? What are they ?
How many different denominations does each school have ? What are they ? How many schools are there for every denomination . Show Denomination and number of schools .
How many different denominations does each school have ? What are they ? How many schools are there for every denomination . Show Denomination and number of schools . Show the results in descending order !
How many different denominations does each school have ? What are they ? How many schools are there for every denomination . Show Denomination and number of schools . Show the results in descending order ! Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools in descending order.
What school has the largest enrollment ?
What school has the largest enrollment ? What are its school colors ?
What school has the largest enrollment ? What are its school colors ? List the school color of the school that has the largest enrollment.
How many schools are there ?
How many schools are there ? How many do n't have any players ?
How many schools are there ? How many do n't have any players ? Which ones do n't have any players ?
How many schools are there ? How many do n't have any players ? Which ones do n't have any players ? Show their locations .
How many schools are there ? How many do n't have any players ? Which ones do n't have any players ? Show their locations . List the locations of schools that do not have any player.
Show the denominations of schools .
Show the denominations of schools . Also provide their founding year ?
Show the denominations of schools . Also provide their founding year ? List the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900 .
Show the denominations of schools . Also provide their founding year ? List the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900 . Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
Show me the school names in division 1 .
Show me the school names in division 1 . How about those not in division 1 ?
Show me the school names in division 1 . How about those not in division 1 ? List their nicknames .
Show me the school names in division 1 . How about those not in division 1 ? List their nicknames . Show the nicknames of schools that are not in division 1.
What are the products available in the stores ?
What are the products available in the stores ? What about the maximum page sizes supported by these products ?
What are the products available in the stores ? What about the maximum page sizes supported by these products ? Which products have a maximum page size A4 ?
What are the products available in the stores ? What about the maximum page sizes supported by these products ? Which products have a maximum page size A4 ? Which maximum page sizes are the maximum page size for more than 3 products ?
What are the products available in the stores ? What about the maximum page sizes supported by these products ? Which products have a maximum page size A4 ? Which maximum page sizes are the maximum page size for more than 3 products ? Find the list of page size which have more than 3 product listed
What are the districts out there ?
What are the districts out there ? What is the name of the headquartered city of each district ?
What are the districts out there ? What is the name of the headquartered city of each district ? Which of these given districts have a city population larger than 100000 ?
What are the districts out there ? What is the name of the headquartered city of each district ? Which of these given districts have a city population larger than 100000 ? Also show the districts that have a city area greater than 10 .
What are the districts out there ? What is the name of the headquartered city of each district ? Which of these given districts have a city population larger than 100000 ? Also show the districts that have a city area greater than 10 . Find the name all districts with city area greater than 10 or population larger than 100000
Can you give me the names of the districts .
Can you give me the names of the districts . Tell me the city population of these districts .
Can you give me the names of the districts . Tell me the city population of these districts . Which of these cities have an above average population ?
Can you give me the names of the districts . Tell me the city population of these districts . Which of these cities have an above average population ? Which district has the largest city population ?
Can you give me the names of the districts . Tell me the city population of these districts . Which of these cities have an above average population ? Which district has the largest city population ? Which district has the largest population?
What are the districts out there ?
What are the districts out there ? Tell me the city area of these districts .
What are the districts out there ? Tell me the city area of these districts . Of all these districts , which ones have a below average city area ?
What are the districts out there ? Tell me the city area of these districts . Of all these districts , which ones have a below average city area ? Which of these districts has the least city area ?
What are the districts out there ? Tell me the city area of these districts . Of all these districts , which ones have a below average city area ? Which of these districts has the least city area ? Which district has the least area?
What are the names of the districts ?
What are the names of the districts ? Tell me which of these districts have stores .
What are the names of the districts ? Tell me which of these districts have stores . What are the store names of the Hafizabad District ?
What are the names of the districts ? Tell me which of these districts have stores . What are the store names of the Hafizabad District ? What about the store names of the Khanewal District ?
What are the names of the districts ? Tell me which of these districts have stores . What are the store names of the Hafizabad District ? What about the store names of the Khanewal District ? Find the names of all stores in Khanewal District.
What are the populations of the districts ?
What are the populations of the districts ? Can you also tell me the stores in each district along with the population ?
What are the populations of the districts ? Can you also tell me the stores in each district along with the population ? Which of these stores are from the districts with above average population ?
What are the populations of the districts ? Can you also tell me the stores in each district along with the population ? Which of these stores are from the districts with above average population ? What about the stores from the district with the most population ?
What are the populations of the districts ? Can you also tell me the stores in each district along with the population ? Which of these stores are from the districts with above average population ? What about the stores from the district with the most population ? Find all the stores in the district with the most population.
Can you tell me about the names of all the stores ?
Can you tell me about the names of all the stores ? What is the type of the store `` Blackville '' ?
Can you tell me about the names of all the stores ? What is the type of the store `` Blackville '' ? In which district is `` Blackville '' located ?
Can you tell me about the names of all the stores ? What is the type of the store `` Blackville '' ? In which district is `` Blackville '' located ? Which city is `` Blackville '' headquartered in ?
Can you tell me about the names of all the stores ? What is the type of the store `` Blackville '' ? In which district is `` Blackville '' located ? Which city is `` Blackville '' headquartered in ? Which city is the headquarter of the store named "Blackville" in?
Show me the names of all the cities .
Show me the names of all the cities . How about the names of all the stores ?
Show me the names of all the cities . How about the names of all the stores ? Which cities have these stores ?
Show me the names of all the cities . How about the names of all the stores ? Which cities have these stores ? What is the number of stores for each of these cities ?
Show me the names of all the cities . How about the names of all the stores ? Which cities have these stores ? What is the number of stores for each of these cities ? Find the number of stores in each city.
Tell me all the cities and their respective stores .
Tell me all the cities and their respective stores . How many stores are there for each city ?
Tell me all the cities and their respective stores . How many stores are there for each city ? Which city has the least number of stores ?
Tell me all the cities and their respective stores . How many stores are there for each city ? Which city has the least number of stores ? What about the one with the most ?
Tell me all the cities and their respective stores . How many stores are there for each city ? Which city has the least number of stores ? What about the one with the most ? Find the city with the most number of stores.
Can you list all the stores ?
Can you list all the stores ? Which ones have products ?
Can you list all the stores ? Which ones have products ? What products do they sell ?
Can you list all the stores ? Which ones have products ? What products do they sell ? Out of those products , which ones are available at `` Miramichi '' ?
Can you list all the stores ? Which ones have products ? What products do they sell ? Out of those products , which ones are available at `` Miramichi '' ? What products are available at store named "Miramichi"?
What are the products out there ?
What are the products out there ? Tell me the page per minute color of these products .
What are the products out there ? Tell me the page per minute color of these products . Which of these have a pages per minute color smaller than 5 ?
What are the products out there ? Tell me the page per minute color of these products . Which of these have a pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? Which of these listed products also have a max page size `` A4 '' ?
What are the products out there ? Tell me the page per minute color of these products . Which of these have a pages per minute color smaller than 5 ? Which of these listed products also have a max page size `` A4 '' ? Find products with max page size as "A4" and pages per minute color smaller than 5.
Give me the list of the products .
Give me the list of the products . Tell me the max page size of these products .
Give me the list of the products . Tell me the max page size of these products . Which of these have a max page size of `` A4 '' ?
Give me the list of the products . Tell me the max page size of these products . Which of these have a max page size of `` A4 '' ? Also include those that have a pages per minute color smaller than 5 .
Give me the list of the products . Tell me the max page size of these products . Which of these have a max page size of `` A4 '' ? Also include those that have a pages per minute color smaller than 5 . Find products with max page size as "A4" or pages per minute color smaller than 5.
List the available products .
List the available products . Which of these products contains the word word `` Canon '' ?
List the available products . Which of these products contains the word word `` Canon '' ? How about the word `` Fujitsu '' ?
List the available products . Which of these products contains the word word `` Canon '' ? How about the word `` Fujitsu '' ? How about the word `` Scanner '' ?
List the available products . Which of these products contains the word word `` Canon '' ? How about the word `` Fujitsu '' ? How about the word `` Scanner '' ? Find all the product whose name contains the word "Scanner".
Tell me all the max page sizes available .
Tell me all the max page sizes available . Give me the names of all products .
Tell me all the max page sizes available . Give me the names of all products . What are the corresponding max page sizes of these products ?
Tell me all the max page sizes available . Give me the names of all products . What are the corresponding max page sizes of these products ? Which max page sizes are the most prominent ?
Tell me all the max page sizes available . Give me the names of all products . What are the corresponding max page sizes of these products ? Which max page sizes are the most prominent ? Find the most prominent max page size among all the products.
Can you show me all the products ?
Can you show me all the products ? Give me the max page sizes for each of these products .
Can you show me all the products ? Give me the max page sizes for each of these products . Which of these max page sizes is most frequently used ?
Can you show me all the products ? Give me the max page sizes for each of these products . Which of these max page sizes is most frequently used ? Which products do not use this max page size ?
Can you show me all the products ? Give me the max page sizes for each of these products . Which of these max page sizes is most frequently used ? Which products do not use this max page size ? Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size.
Show me all the districts .
Show me all the districts . What is the average city area of these districts ?
Show me all the districts . What is the average city area of these districts ? Which districts have a higher than average city area ?
Show me all the districts . What is the average city area of these districts ? Which districts have a higher than average city area ? What is the total population of these districts ?
Show me all the districts . What is the average city area of these districts ? Which districts have a higher than average city area ? What is the total population of these districts ? Find the total population of the districts where the area is bigger than the average city area.
How old is Dan ?
How old is Dan ? What city is she from ?
How old is Dan ? What city is she from ? Show all friends of Dan .
How old is Dan ? What city is she from ? Show all friends of Dan . How many friends is this ?
How old is Dan ? What city is she from ? Show all friends of Dan . How many friends is this ? How many friends does Dan have?
Show all ages of people .
Show all ages of people . What is the average ?
Show all ages of people . What is the average ? What is the maximum ?
Show all ages of people . What is the average ? What is the maximum ? What is the name of the person with this age ?
Show all ages of people . What is the average ? What is the maximum ? What is the name of the person with this age ? Who is the oldest person?
How many distinct jobs do the people have ?
How many distinct jobs do the people have ? What are these jobs ?
How many distinct jobs do the people have ? What are these jobs ? List the names of all students .
How many distinct jobs do the people have ? What are these jobs ? List the names of all students . What is the maximum age of students ?
How many distinct jobs do the people have ? What are these jobs ? List the names of all students . What is the maximum age of students ? Print the name of the student with this age .
How many distinct jobs do the people have ? What are these jobs ? List the names of all students . What is the maximum age of students ? Print the name of the student with this age . Who is the oldest person whose job is student?
List all female names .
List all female names . How about males ?
List all female names . How about males ? What are the maximum ages for each gender ?
List all female names . How about males ? What are the maximum ages for each gender ? Who is the youngest male ?
List all female names . How about males ? What are the maximum ages for each gender ? Who is the youngest male ? Who is the youngest male?
What is the last name alphabetically ?
What is the last name alphabetically ? What is the occupation for Zach ?
What is the last name alphabetically ? What is the occupation for Zach ? How old is the doctor named Zach ?
What is the last name alphabetically ? What is the occupation for Zach ? How old is the doctor named Zach ? How old is the doctor named Zach?
How many people are older than 20 ?
How many people are older than 20 ? How about 30 ?
How many people are older than 20 ? How about 30 ? How many engineers are there ?
How many people are older than 20 ? How about 30 ? How many engineers are there ? How many people are both engineers and are over 30 years old ?
How many people are older than 20 ? How about 30 ? How many engineers are there ? How many people are both engineers and are over 30 years old ? How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer?
What is the sum of ages for men ?
What is the sum of ages for men ? What about the average ?
What is the sum of ages for men ? What about the average ? What is the average for each job ?
What is the sum of ages for men ? What about the average ? What is the average for each job ? What is average age of male for different job title?
How many different people are over 40 ?
How many different people are over 40 ? How about under ?
How many different people are over 40 ? How about under ? How many are male ?
How many different people are over 40 ? How about under ? How many are male ? What is the count under 40 for each gender ?
How many different people are over 40 ? How about under ? How many are male ? What is the count under 40 for each gender ? Find the number of people who is under 40 for each gender.
What is the minimum age of engineers ?
What is the minimum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this .
What is the minimum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this . Just show their name .
What is the minimum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this . Just show their name . Sort this group in order of ascending age .
What is the minimum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this . Just show their name . Sort this group in order of ascending age . Find the name of people whose age is greater than any engineer sorted by their age.
What is the maximum age of engineers ?
What is the maximum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this .
What is the maximum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this . Where are they all from ?
What is the maximum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this . Where are they all from ? How many are there in total ?
What is the maximum age of engineers ? List all information for people older than this . Where are they all from ? How many are there in total ? Find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers.
Show all names of the men .
Show all names of the men . Order them by descending age .
Show all names of the men . Order them by descending age . Reverse the oder .
Show all names of the men . Order them by descending age . Reverse the oder . Also show the ages .
Show all names of the men . Order them by descending age . Reverse the oder . Also show the ages . Find the name and age of all males in order of their age.
Show name and age of the people who are friends with Dan .
Show name and age of the people who are friends with Dan . How about the friends of Alice ?
Show name and age of the people who are friends with Dan . How about the friends of Alice ? Show the union of the sets .
Show name and age of the people who are friends with Dan . How about the friends of Alice ? Show the union of the sets . How about the intersections ?
Show name and age of the people who are friends with Dan . How about the friends of Alice ? Show the union of the sets . How about the intersections ? Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice.
How many people are friends with Dan ?
How many people are friends with Dan ? How about for Alice ?
How many people are friends with Dan ? How about for Alice ? Show the name and age of poeple who are friends with either .
How many people are friends with Dan ? How about for Alice ? Show the name and age of poeple who are friends with either . Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of Dan or Alice.
Show how many friends each person in the set has .
Show how many friends each person in the set has . Who has the most friends ?
Show how many friends each person in the set has . Who has the most friends ? Who is friends with someone who is above 40 ?
Show how many friends each person in the set has . Who has the most friends ? Who is friends with someone who is above 40 ? Who among them is also friends with someone who is under 30 ?
Show how many friends each person in the set has . Who has the most friends ? Who is friends with someone who is above 40 ? Who among them is also friends with someone who is under 30 ? Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30?
Who has exactly 1 friend ?
Who has exactly 1 friend ? What about more than 1 ?
Who has exactly 1 friend ? What about more than 1 ? Who has a friend who is at least 40 years old ?
Who has exactly 1 friend ? What about more than 1 ? Who has a friend who is at least 40 years old ? Who among them do not also have a friend under 30 ?
Who has exactly 1 friend ? What about more than 1 ? Who has a friend who is at least 40 years old ? Who among them do not also have a friend under 30 ? Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 but not under age 30?
Show all student names .
Show all student names . How many are there ?
Show all student names . How many are there ? Show all people friends with students .
Show all student names . How many are there ? Show all people friends with students . Show all people except these .
Show all student names . How many are there ? Show all people friends with students . Show all people except these . Find the name of the person who has no student friends.
Who has the longest-running friend ?
Who has the longest-running friend ? Who has more than 1 friend ?
Who has the longest-running friend ? Who has more than 1 friend ? Who has no friends ?
Who has the longest-running friend ? Who has more than 1 friend ? Who has no friends ? Who has exactly 1 ?
Who has the longest-running friend ? Who has more than 1 friend ? Who has no friends ? Who has exactly 1 ? Find the person who has exactly one friend.
How many people does Bob consider a friend ?
How many people does Bob consider a friend ? How long have they been friends ?
How many people does Bob consider a friend ? How long have they been friends ? Only show the name .
How many people does Bob consider a friend ? How long have they been friends ? Only show the name . Who are the friends of Bob?
How many friendships are there ?
How many friendships are there ? How many distinct people consider Bob to be their friend ?
How many friendships are there ? How many distinct people consider Bob to be their friend ? Who has considered him a friend for the shortest amount of time ?
How many friendships are there ? How many distinct people consider Bob to be their friend ? Who has considered him a friend for the shortest amount of time ? Show the names of everyone who thinks he is their friend .
How many friendships are there ? How many distinct people consider Bob to be their friend ? Who has considered him a friend for the shortest amount of time ? Show the names of everyone who thinks he is their friend . Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob.
Who does Zach consider to be his friend ?
Who does Zach consider to be his friend ? How about the other way around ?
Who does Zach consider to be his friend ? How about the other way around ? Find the names of those among them who are male .
Who does Zach consider to be his friend ? How about the other way around ? Find the names of those among them who are male . And female ?
Who does Zach consider to be his friend ? How about the other way around ? Find the names of those among them who are male . And female ? Find the names of females who are friends with Zach
Who considers Alice to be their friend ?
Who considers Alice to be their friend ? How about the other way around ?
Who considers Alice to be their friend ? How about the other way around ? Find the names of those among them who are male .
Who considers Alice to be their friend ? How about the other way around ? Find the names of those among them who are male . And female ?
Who considers Alice to be their friend ? How about the other way around ? Find the names of those among them who are male . And female ? Find the female friends of Alice.
How many people are a friend of Alice ?
How many people are a friend of Alice ? How many people are not a friend of Alice ?
How many people are a friend of Alice ? How many people are not a friend of Alice ? Who among the friends of Alice is male ?
How many people are a friend of Alice ? How many people are not a friend of Alice ? Who among the friends of Alice is male ? Only show those who are also a doctor ?
How many people are a friend of Alice ? How many people are not a friend of Alice ? Who among the friends of Alice is male ? Only show those who are also a doctor ? Find the male friend of Alice whose job is a doctor?
Who is from Chicago ?
Who is from Chicago ? How about New York City ?
Who is from Chicago ? How about New York City ? How many are there ?
Who is from Chicago ? How about New York City ? How many are there ? Who is friends with these people ?
Who is from Chicago ? How about New York City ? How many are there ? Who is friends with these people ? Who has a friend that is from new york city?
What is the minimum age ?
What is the minimum age ? Who has it ?
What is the minimum age ? Who has it ? What is the average age ?
What is the minimum age ? Who has it ? What is the average age ? Who is younger than this ?
What is the minimum age ? Who has it ? What is the average age ? Who is younger than this ? Who calls these people friends ?
What is the minimum age ? Who has it ? What is the average age ? Who is younger than this ? Who calls these people friends ? Who has friends that are younger than the average age?
How many people are there ?
How many people are there ? How many are younger than the average age ?
How many people are there ? How many are younger than the average age ? What about older ?
How many people are there ? How many are younger than the average age ? What about older ? Who is friends with these people ? Show their names and ages .
How many people are there ? How many are younger than the average age ? What about older ? Who is friends with these people ? Show their names and ages . Who has friends that are older than the average age? Print their friends and their ages as well
How many people is Zach friends with ?
How many people is Zach friends with ? Who are they ?
How many people is Zach friends with ? Who are they ? Also show how long they have been freinds .
How many people is Zach friends with ? Who are they ? Also show how long they have been freinds . Show the name of the person who has been freinds with him the longest .
How many people is Zach friends with ? Who are they ? Also show how long they have been freinds . Show the name of the person who has been freinds with him the longest . Who is the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
Who has the shortest relationship among the people Zach is friends with ?
Who has the shortest relationship among the people Zach is friends with ? How about the longest ?
Who has the shortest relationship among the people Zach is friends with ? How about the longest ? Also show how long have they been freinds .
Who has the shortest relationship among the people Zach is friends with ? How about the longest ? Also show how long have they been freinds . How old are they ?
Who has the shortest relationship among the people Zach is friends with ? How about the longest ? Also show how long have they been freinds . How old are they ? What is the age of the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
What is the length of the shortest friendship ?
What is the length of the shortest friendship ? WHat is the minimum among friendships with Alice ?
What is the length of the shortest friendship ? WHat is the minimum among friendships with Alice ? What is the name of the person who has held this friendship ?
What is the length of the shortest friendship ? WHat is the minimum among friendships with Alice ? What is the name of the person who has held this friendship ? Find the name of persons who are friends with Alice for the shortest years.
What is the maximum length of friendships with Alice ?
What is the maximum length of friendships with Alice ? Who holds a relationship of that length ?
What is the maximum length of friendships with Alice ? Who holds a relationship of that length ? Also show age and job title .
What is the maximum length of friendships with Alice ? Who holds a relationship of that length ? Also show age and job title . Find the name, age, and job title of persons who are friends with Alice for the longest years.
How many people are there in total ?
How many people are there in total ? How many people are in the friendship database ?
How many people are there in total ? How many people are in the friendship database ? Who is not in it ?
How many people are there in total ? How many people are in the friendship database ? Who is not in it ? Who is the person that has no friend?
What is the average age of all people ?
What is the average age of all people ? What is the average age of the friends ?
What is the average age of all people ? What is the average age of the friends ? Show the average friend age for each person .
What is the average age of all people ? What is the average age of the friends ? Show the average friend age for each person . Who has the highest ?
What is the average age of all people ? What is the average age of the friends ? Show the average friend age for each person . Who has the highest ? Which person whose friends have the oldest average age?
Show all cities alphabetically .
Show all cities alphabetically . How many people live in Austin ?
Show all cities alphabetically . How many people live in Austin ? Who is friends with them ?
Show all cities alphabetically . How many people live in Austin ? Who is friends with them ? How many people are not friends with them ?
Show all cities alphabetically . How many people live in Austin ? Who is friends with them ? How many people are not friends with them ? What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin.
What are the names and market shares of browsers ?
What are the names and market shares of browsers ? What is the name of the browser with the maximum market share ?
What are the names and market shares of browsers ? What is the name of the browser with the maximum market share ? What is the maximum , minimum and average market share of the listed browsers ?
What are the names and market shares of browsers ? What is the name of the browser with the maximum market share ? What is the maximum , minimum and average market share of the listed browsers ? What is the maximum, minimum and average market share of the listed browsers?
Which browsers are compatible with CProxy ?
Which browsers are compatible with CProxy ? Which of those became compatible after year 1998 ?
Which browsers are compatible with CProxy ? Which of those became compatible after year 1998 ? What is the name of the browser that became compatible with the accelerator 'CProxy' after year 1998 ?
Which accelerators are compatible with at least one browser ?
Which accelerators are compatible with at least one browser ? Which are compatible with none ?
Which accelerators are compatible with at least one browser ? Which are compatible with none ? What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ?
Which accelerators are compatible with at least one browser ? Which are compatible with none ? What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers ? What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers?
Which browsers are compatible with some accelerator ( s ) ?
Which browsers are compatible with some accelerator ( s ) ? Which is compatible with the most ?
Which browsers are compatible with some accelerator ( s ) ? Which is compatible with the most ? What is the id and name of the browser that is compatible with the most web accelerators?
How many times did CACHEbox and Internet Explorer become compatible ?
How many times did CACHEbox and Internet Explorer become compatible ? What year did they become compatible ?
How many times did CACHEbox and Internet Explorer become compatible ? What year did they become compatible ? When did the web accelerator 'CACHEbox' and browser 'Internet Explorer' become compatible?
Which accelerator ids are not compatible with any browsers ?
Which accelerator ids are not compatible with any browsers ? Count those .
Which accelerator ids are not compatible with any browsers ? Count those . How many accelerators are not compatible with the browsers listed ?
Which browsers have market share greater than 15 ?
Which browsers have market share greater than 15 ? Which of those are compatible with some accelerator ?
Which browsers have market share greater than 15 ? Which of those are compatible with some accelerator ? What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browswers that have market share higher than 15 ?
Which browsers have market share greater than 15 ? Which of those are compatible with some accelerator ? What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browswers that have market share higher than 15 ? What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browswers that have market share higher than 15?
Which browser ids are compatible with CACHEbox ?
Which browser ids are compatible with CACHEbox ? Name those browsers .
Which browser ids are compatible with CACHEbox ? Name those browsers . Intersect that with those compatible with Fasterfox .
Which browser ids are compatible with CACHEbox ? Name those browsers . Intersect that with those compatible with Fasterfox . List the names of the browser that are compatible with both 'CACHEbox' and 'Fasterfox'.
Which accelerator ids are not compatible with Opera ?
Which accelerator ids are not compatible with Opera ? For these , show the names and supporting operating systems .
Which accelerator ids are not compatible with Opera ? For these , show the names and supporting operating systems . Show the accelerator names and supporting operating systems that are not compatible with the browser named 'Opera'.
Which accelerator name contains substring `` Free '' ?
Which accelerator name contains substring `` Free '' ? How about `` Opera ''
Which accelerator name contains substring `` Free '' ? How about `` Opera '' Which accelerator name contains substring "Opera"?
What are the status of all the roller coasters ?
What are the status of all the roller coasters ? Give me the status of those longer than 3300 .
What are the status of all the roller coasters ? Give me the status of those longer than 3300 . Also show those higher than 100 .
What are the status of all the roller coasters ? Give me the status of those longer than 3300 . Also show those higher than 100 . Show the statuses of roller coasters longer than 3300 or higher than 100.
What are name of all the roller coasters ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Which of them is the longest ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Which of them is the longest ? Give me its speed .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Which of them is the longest ? Give me its speed . What is the speed of the longest roller coaster?
What are name of all the roller coasters ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their status .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their status . What is the most common status ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their status . What is the most common status ? Please show the most common status of roller coasters.
What are name of all the roller coasters ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their status .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their status . Show me the those that are shared by more than two roller coasters .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their status . Show me the those that are shared by more than two roller coasters . List the status shared by more than two roller coasters.
What are name of all the roller coasters ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their speed .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their speed . Which one is the highest ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their speed . Which one is the highest ? Show me its park .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their speed . Which one is the highest ? Show me its park . Show the park of the roller coaster with the highest speed.
What countries are there that have roller coasters ?
What countries are there that have roller coasters ? Give me those that have more than one roller coaster .
What countries are there that have roller coasters ? Give me those that have more than one roller coaster . Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster.
What are name of all the roller coasters ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their height .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their height . Which one is the highest ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their height . Which one is the highest ? Show me the name and population of the country that has it .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their height . Which one is the highest ? Show me the name and population of the country that has it . Show the name and population of the country that has the highest roller coaster.
Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster .
Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster . What are the speed of all roller coasters ?
Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster . What are the speed of all roller coasters ? Give me a average of them in term of different countries .
Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster . What are the speed of all roller coasters ? Give me a average of them in term of different countries . Show the names of countries and the average speed of roller coasters from each country.
What are name of all the roller coasters ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their length .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their length . Show me the roller coasters that are longer than 3000 .
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their length . Show me the roller coasters that are longer than 3000 . How many countries do not have any of them ?
What are name of all the roller coasters ? Give me their length . Show me the roller coasters that are longer than 3000 . How many countries do not have any of them ? How many countries do not have an roller coaster longer than 3000?
how many students are below age 25 ?
how many students are below age 25 ? how many of them are female ( sex is F ) ?
how many students are below age 25 ? how many of them are female ( sex is F ) ? How many female students (sex is F) whose age is below 25?
what are the codes of all different cities where students are from ?
what are the codes of all different cities where students are from ? how many students are living in city PHL ?
what are the codes of all different cities where students are from ? how many students are living in city PHL ? among them , how many are between ages 20 and 25 ?
what are the codes of all different cities where students are from ? how many students are living in city PHL ? among them , how many are between ages 20 and 25 ? show their first names .
what are the codes of all different cities where students are from ? how many students are living in city PHL ? among them , how many are between ages 20 and 25 ? show their first names . Find the first name of students living in city PHL whose age is between 20 and 25.
what are the different gender types of all dorms ?
what are the different gender types of all dorms ? show student capacity of the dorms with gender X .
what are the different gender types of all dorms ? show student capacity of the dorms with gender X . what is their average capacity ?
what are the different gender types of all dorms ? show student capacity of the dorms with gender X . what is their average capacity ? how about the total as well ?
what are the different gender types of all dorms ? show student capacity of the dorms with gender X . what is their average capacity ? how about the total as well ? Find the average and total capacity of dorms for the students with gender X.
list all dorm amenities .
list all dorm amenities . Find the names of dorms that have some of these amenities .
list all dorm amenities . Find the names of dorms that have some of these amenities . Find the names of dorms that do not have any amenities .
list all dorm amenities . Find the names of dorms that have some of these amenities . Find the names of dorms that do not have any amenities . Find the name of dorms that do not have any amenity.
show the names of all dorms .
show the names of all dorms . just list the dorm whose name has substring Donor .
show the names of all dorms . just list the dorm whose name has substring Donor . what is its capacity and gender type ?
show the names of all dorms . just list the dorm whose name has substring Donor . what is its capacity and gender type ? Find the capacity and gender type of the dorm whose name has substring Donor.
Find the name and gender type of all dorms .
Find the name and gender type of all dorms . which of them have a capacity greater than 300 ?
Find the name and gender type of all dorms . which of them have a capacity greater than 300 ? also show the dorms with a capacity less than 100 .
Find the name and gender type of all dorms . which of them have a capacity greater than 300 ? also show the dorms with a capacity less than 100 . Find the name and gender type of the dorms whose capacity is greater than 300 or less than 100.
show the info of all students .
show the info of all students . how many distinct majors are there ?
show the info of all students . how many distinct majors are there ? also count the number of different cities .
show the info of all students . how many distinct majors are there ? also count the number of different cities . Find the numbers of different majors and cities.
what are the names of all dorms ?
what are the names of all dorms ? what are all of the different amenities ?
what are the names of all dorms ? what are all of the different amenities ? Find the names of dorms that have a TV Lounge .
what are the names of all dorms ? what are all of the different amenities ? Find the names of dorms that have a TV Lounge . how about those that also have a Study Room ?
what are the names of all dorms ? what are all of the different amenities ? Find the names of dorms that have a TV Lounge . how about those that also have a Study Room ? Find the name of dorms which have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities.
find the names of dorms that do not have a Study Room .
find the names of dorms that do not have a Study Room . among them , which ones have a TV Lounge ?
find the names of dorms that do not have a Study Room . among them , which ones have a TV Lounge ? Find the name of dorms which have TV Lounge but no Study Room as amenity.
how many female students are living in the city of code BAL ?
how many female students are living in the city of code BAL ? how many male students are less than 20 years old ?
how many female students are living in the city of code BAL ? how many male students are less than 20 years old ? what is the total number of students in these two groups ?
how many female students are living in the city of code BAL ? how many male students are less than 20 years old ? what is the total number of students in these two groups ? what are their last names ?
how many female students are living in the city of code BAL ? how many male students are less than 20 years old ? what is the total number of students in these two groups ? what are their last names ? Find the last name of students who is either female (sex is F) and living in the city of code BAL or male (sex is M) and in age of below 20.
find the total student capacity of all dorms .
find the total student capacity of all dorms . which dorm has the largest capacity ?
find the total student capacity of all dorms . which dorm has the largest capacity ? just list its name .
find the total student capacity of all dorms . which dorm has the largest capacity ? just list its name . Find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity.
how many students are there ?
how many students are there ? which cities are they living in ?
how many students are there ? which cities are they living in ? Find the code of the city where most of them are living .
how many students are there ? which cities are they living in ? Find the code of the city where most of them are living . Find the code of city where most of students are living in.
show the first and last name of all students .
show the first and last name of all students . what are their ages ?
show the first and last name of all students . what are their ages ? what is the average age ?
show the first and last name of all students . what are their ages ? what is the average age ? list the students whose age is younger than that . List their first and last names .
show the first and last name of all students . what are their ages ? what is the average age ? list the students whose age is younger than that . List their first and last names . Find the first and last name of students whose age is younger than the average age.
show the codes of all different cities where students are living .
show the codes of all different cities where students are living . find the number of students who are not living in the city with code HKG .
show the codes of all different cities where students are living . find the number of students who are not living in the city with code HKG . what are their first and last names ?
show the codes of all different cities where students are living . find the number of students who are not living in the city with code HKG . what are their first and last names ? sort the result by their ages .
show the codes of all different cities where students are living . find the number of students who are not living in the city with code HKG . what are their first and last names ? sort the result by their ages . List the first and last name of students who are not living in the city with code HKG, and sorted the results by their ages.
list the info of all dorms .
list the info of all dorms . what is the capacity of Anonymous Donor Hall ?
list the info of all dorms . what is the capacity of Anonymous Donor Hall ? List all of the amenities that it has .
list the info of all dorms . what is the capacity of Anonymous Donor Hall ? List all of the amenities that it has . sort the results in alphabetic order .
list the info of all dorms . what is the capacity of Anonymous Donor Hall ? List all of the amenities that it has . sort the results in alphabetic order . List name of all amenities which Anonymous Donor Hall has, and sort the results in alphabetic order.
find the total number of dorms .
find the total number of dorms . what is the total student capacity of all dorms ?
find the total number of dorms . what is the total student capacity of all dorms ? how about for each gender ?
find the total number of dorms . what is the total student capacity of all dorms ? how about for each gender ? also show the number of dorms for each gender .
find the total number of dorms . what is the total student capacity of all dorms ? how about for each gender ? also show the number of dorms for each gender . Find the number of dorms and total capacity for each gender.
how many students of each gender are there ?
how many students of each gender are there ? Find the average and oldest age for each gender .
how many students of each gender are there ? Find the average and oldest age for each gender . Find the average and oldest age for students with different sex.
how many different cities are there ?
how many different cities are there ? find the number of students living in each city .
how many different cities are there ? find the number of students living in each city . also find the average age of students living in each city .
how many different cities are there ? find the number of students living in each city . also find the average age of students living in each city . Find the number and average age of students living in each city.
find the number of students living in each city .
find the number of students living in each city . how many of them are male ( with sex M ) ?
find the number of students living in each city . how many of them are male ( with sex M ) ? Include their average age as well .
find the number of students living in each city . how many of them are male ( with sex M ) ? Include their average age as well . Find the average age and number of male students (with sex M) from each city.
Find the number of students living in each city .
Find the number of students living in each city . just show the results of cities that have more than one student living in it .
Find the number of students living in each city . just show the results of cities that have more than one student living in it . Find the number of students for the cities where have more than one student.
list all of the different majors .
list all of the different majors . which major has the fewest students ?
list all of the different majors . which major has the fewest students ? what is the most popular major ?
list all of the different majors . which major has the fewest students ? what is the most popular major ? how many students are not this major ?
list all of the different majors . which major has the fewest students ? what is the most popular major ? how many students are not this major ? show their first and last names .
list all of the different majors . which major has the fewest students ? what is the most popular major ? how many students are not this major ? show their first and last names . Find the first and last name of students who are not in the largest major.
what is the average age for each gender ?
what is the average age for each gender ? find the number of students whose age is older than the average age of these two groups .
what is the average age for each gender ? find the number of students whose age is older than the average age of these two groups . Find the number of students whose age is older than the average age for each gender.
what are the names of all of the dorms ?
what are the names of all of the dorms ? how many students are living in each dorm ? Group by names of dorms .
what are the names of all of the dorms ? how many students are living in each dorm ? Group by names of dorms . find the average age of students living in each dorm .
what are the names of all of the dorms ? how many students are living in each dorm ? Group by names of dorms . find the average age of students living in each dorm . Find the average age of students living in each dorm and the name of dorm.
find the names of dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students .
find the names of dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students . what is the average capacity of these dorms ?
find the names of dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students . what is the average capacity of these dorms ? Find the number of amenities for each of these dorms .
find the names of dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students . what is the average capacity of these dorms ? Find the number of amenities for each of these dorms . Find the number of amenities for each of the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students.
what are the names of all dorms ?
what are the names of all dorms ? how many students are living in each dorm ? Group by names of dorms .
what are the names of all dorms ? how many students are living in each dorm ? Group by names of dorms . how many students are older than 20 years old in each dorm ?
what are the names of all dorms ? how many students are living in each dorm ? Group by names of dorms . how many students are older than 20 years old in each dorm ? Find the number of students who is older than 20 in each dorm.
how many students are living in Smith Hall ?
how many students are living in Smith Hall ? show their last names and room numbers .
how many students are living in Smith Hall ? show their last names and room numbers . what are their first names ?
how many students are living in Smith Hall ? show their last names and room numbers . what are their first names ? Find the first name of students who are living in the Smith Hall.
show the name and capacity of all dorms .
show the name and capacity of all dorms . find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity .
show the name and capacity of all dorms . find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity . how many students are living in there ?
show the name and capacity of all dorms . find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity . how many students are living in there ? what is the average age of these students ?
show the name and capacity of all dorms . find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity . how many students are living in there ? what is the average age of these students ? Find the average age of students who are living in the dorm with the largest capacity.
list the names of all male dorms ( with gender M ) .
list the names of all male dorms ( with gender M ) . how many are there ?
list the names of all male dorms ( with gender M ) . how many are there ? Find the total number of students living in these dorms .
list the names of all male dorms ( with gender M ) . how many are there ? Find the total number of students living in these dorms . Find the total number of students living in the male dorm (with gender M).
what is the capacity of Smith Hall dorm ?
what is the capacity of Smith Hall dorm ? how many students are living in there ?
what is the capacity of Smith Hall dorm ? how many students are living in there ? how many of them are female ?
what is the capacity of Smith Hall dorm ? how many students are living in there ? how many of them are female ? Find the number of female students (with F sex) living in Smith Hall
how many students are living in Smith Hall dorm ?
how many students are living in Smith Hall dorm ? Find the number of amenities it has .
how many students are living in Smith Hall dorm ? Find the number of amenities it has . what are these amenities ?
how many students are living in Smith Hall dorm ? Find the number of amenities it has . what are these amenities ? Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have.
What are the amenities in Smith Hall ?
What are the amenities in Smith Hall ? order the results by amenity names .
What are the amenities in Smith Hall ? order the results by amenity names . Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have. ordered the results by amenity names.
show the names of all different amenities .
show the names of all different amenities . find the total number of each amenity in all of the dorms .
show the names of all different amenities . find the total number of each amenity in all of the dorms . which one is the most common amenity used in all dorms ? List its name .
show the names of all different amenities . find the total number of each amenity in all of the dorms . which one is the most common amenity used in all dorms ? List its name . Find the name of amenity that is the most common in all dorms.
what is the id of the dorm that has the most amenities ?
what is the id of the dorm that has the most amenities ? what is its name ?
what is the id of the dorm that has the most amenities ? what is its name ? how many students are living in that dorm ?
what is the id of the dorm that has the most amenities ? what is its name ? how many students are living in that dorm ? find their first names .
what is the id of the dorm that has the most amenities ? what is its name ? how many students are living in that dorm ? find their first names . Find the first name of students who are living in the dorm that has most number of amenities.
find the number of amenities in each dorm .
find the number of amenities in each dorm . which dorm has the fewest amenities ? List its name .
find the number of amenities in each dorm . which dorm has the fewest amenities ? List its name . what is its capacity ?
find the number of amenities in each dorm . which dorm has the fewest amenities ? List its name . what is its capacity ? Find the name and capacity of the dorm with least number of amenities.
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ?
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ? what are their names ?
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ? what are their names ? what are the names of dorms that do not have it ?
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ? what are their names ? what are the names of dorms that do not have it ? Find the name of dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ?
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ? what is the total capacity of these dorms ?
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ? what is the total capacity of these dorms ? how many students are living in these dorms ?
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ? what is the total capacity of these dorms ? how many students are living in these dorms ? list their first and last names .
how many dorms have a TV Lounge ? what is the total capacity of these dorms ? how many students are living in these dorms ? list their first and last names . Find the first and last name of students who are living in the dorms that have amenity TV Lounge.
Find the names of dorms that do not have a TV Lounge .
Find the names of dorms that do not have a TV Lounge . Find the first name and age of students living in these dorms .
Find the names of dorms that do not have a TV Lounge . Find the first name and age of students living in these dorms . Find the first name and age of students who are living in the dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
Show me all about documents .
Show me all about documents . What document types are there ?
Show me all about documents . What document types are there ? How about document status codes ?
Show me all about documents . What document types are there ? How about document status codes ? What document status codes do we have?
How many document status codes there ?
How many document status codes there ? What are they ?
How many document status codes there ? What are they ? What is the description of document status code 'working ' ?
How many document status codes there ? What are they ? What is the description of document status code 'working ' ? What is the description of document status code 'working'?
Show me all about document types .
Show me all about document types . Show me the descriptions of document types .
Show me all about document types . Show me the descriptions of document types . Now , show the document type codes .
Show me all about document types . Show me the descriptions of document types . Now , show the document type codes . What document type codes do we have?
Show me the shipping agent code of documents ?
Show me the shipping agent code of documents ? How about the document type code ?
Show me the shipping agent code of documents ? How about the document type code ? Among those , what is the description of document type 'Paper ' ?
Show me the shipping agent code of documents ? How about the document type code ? Among those , what is the description of document type 'Paper ' ? What is the description of document type 'Paper'?
What are the shipping agents ' codes ?
What are the shipping agents ' codes ? How about their descriptions ?
What are the shipping agents ' codes ? How about their descriptions ? Show me their names instead .
What are the shipping agents ' codes ? How about their descriptions ? Show me their names instead . What are the shipping agent names?
Show me the the shipping agent code of shipping agent Fedex .
Show me the the shipping agent code of shipping agent Fedex . How about the shipping agent description of shipping agent UPS ?
Show me the the shipping agent code of shipping agent Fedex . How about the shipping agent description of shipping agent UPS ? What is the shipping agent code of this shipping agent ?
Show me the the shipping agent code of shipping agent Fedex . How about the shipping agent description of shipping agent UPS ? What is the shipping agent code of this shipping agent ? What is the shipping agent code of shipping agent UPS?
Show me all the descriptions for each role ?
Show me all the descriptions for each role ? Now show all the role codes .
Show me all the descriptions for each role ? Now show all the role codes . What are all role codes?
How many employees have role code ED ?
How many employees have role code ED ? What is the description for this role code ?
How many employees have role code ED ? What is the description for this role code ? What is the description of role code ED?
What are the employees ' names ?
What are the employees ' names ? How many are there ?
What are the employees ' names ? How many are there ? How many employees do we have?
Show me the names of the employee .
Show me the names of the employee . What is the role code of the employee named Koby ?
Show me the names of the employee . What is the role code of the employee named Koby ? How about his role description ?
Show me the names of the employee . What is the role code of the employee named Koby ? How about his role description ? What is the role of the employee named Koby?
Show me all information about the documents .
Show me all information about the documents . List document ids and receipt dates of all documents
Show me all information about the documents . List document ids and receipt dates of all documents List all document ids and receipt dates of documents.
What are the role codes ?
What are the role codes ? How about their corresponding role_description ?
What are the role codes ? How about their corresponding role_description ? List role description , role code and number of employees of each role ?
What are the role codes ? How about their corresponding role_description ? List role description , role code and number of employees of each role ? How many employees does each role have? List role description, id and number of employees.
What are the employees ' id ?
What are the employees ' id ? Which of those ids correspond to roles with more than 2 employees ? Show in conjunction to the ids .
What are the employees ' id ? Which of those ids correspond to roles with more than 2 employees ? Show in conjunction to the ids . How about more than 1 employee ? Now only show the role description and number of employee ids .
What are the employees ' id ? Which of those ids correspond to roles with more than 2 employees ? Show in conjunction to the ids . How about more than 1 employee ? Now only show the role description and number of employee ids . List roles that have more than one employee. List the role description and number of employees.
Show me the document with id 2 .
Show me the document with id 2 . What about the document status code of document with id 1 ?
Show me the document with id 2 . What about the document status code of document with id 1 ? What is the document status description for this document ?
Show me the document with id 2 . What about the document status code of document with id 1 ? What is the document status description for this document ? What is the document status description of the document with id 1?
Show me all the information about the documents .
Show me all the information about the documents . List all the documents with status code working ?
Show me all the information about the documents . List all the documents with status code working ? How about the status code done ?
Show me all the information about the documents . List all the documents with status code working ? How about the status code done ? How many are there ?
Show me all the information about the documents . List all the documents with status code working ? How about the status code done ? How many are there ? How many documents have the status code done?
Show me document with id 1 .
Show me document with id 1 . What about the document status description of document with id 2 ?
Show me document with id 1 . What about the document status description of document with id 2 ? What is the document status code of this document ?
Show me document with id 1 . What about the document status description of document with id 2 ? What is the document status code of this document ? List the document type code for the document with the id 2.
How many documents are there ?
How many documents are there ? Show me ones with status code done .
How many documents are there ? Show me ones with status code done . List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper .
How many documents are there ? Show me ones with status code done . List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper . List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper.
What are the shipping agents ' names ?
What are the shipping agents ' names ? Show all the documents with shipping agent named USPS ?
What are the shipping agents ' names ? Show all the documents with shipping agent named USPS ? What is the name of the shipping agent of the document with id 2 ?
What are the shipping agents ' names ? Show all the documents with shipping agent named USPS ? What is the name of the shipping agent of the document with id 2 ? What is the name of the shipping agent of the document with id 2?
How many documents are there ?
How many documents are there ? How many documents were shipped by Fedex ?
How many documents are there ? How many documents were shipped by Fedex ? How about USPS ?
How many documents are there ? How many documents were shipped by Fedex ? How about USPS ? How many documents were shipped by USPS?
What 's the number of documents each shipping agent shipped ?
What 's the number of documents each shipping agent shipped ? Which agent shipped the least number of documents ?
What 's the number of documents each shipping agent shipped ? Which agent shipped the least number of documents ? How about the most number of documents ?
What 's the number of documents each shipping agent shipped ? Which agent shipped the least number of documents ? How about the most number of documents ? Which shipping agent shipped the most documents? List the shipping agent name and the number of documents.
Show me the receipt number of the documents ?
Show me the receipt number of the documents ? How about receipt date ?
Show me the receipt number of the documents ? How about receipt date ? Show me that for document with id 2 ?
Show me the receipt number of the documents ? How about receipt date ? Show me that for document with id 2 ? How about for document with id 3 ?
Show me the receipt number of the documents ? How about receipt date ? Show me that for document with id 2 ? How about for document with id 3 ? What is the receipt date of the document with id 3?
Show me the receipt_date of document with id 4 ?
Show me the receipt_date of document with id 4 ? What 's its mailing date ?
Show me the receipt_date of document with id 4 ? What 's its mailing date ? What address did it mail to ?
Show me the receipt_date of document with id 4 ? What 's its mailing date ? What address did it mail to ? What address was the document with id 4 mailed to?
Show me document with id 7 .
Show me document with id 7 . Where did it mail to ?
Show me document with id 7 . Where did it mail to ? How about its mailing date ?
Show me document with id 7 . Where did it mail to ? How about its mailing date ? What is the mail date of the document with id 7?
Show me document ids of documents with status working .
Show me document ids of documents with status working . How about documents with the status done and type Paper ?
Show me document ids of documents with status working . How about documents with the status done and type Paper ? Which of those were not shipped by agent named USPS ?
Show me document ids of documents with status working . How about documents with the status done and type Paper ? Which of those were not shipped by agent named USPS ? List the document ids of documents with the status done and type Paper, which not shipped by the shipping agent named USPS.
What are document types of document with status done ?
What are document types of document with status done ? Show me the document id of those whose document status is done and document type is Paper .
What are document types of document with status done ? Show me the document id of those whose document status is done and document type is Paper . Which of those are shipped by agent named USPS ?
What are document types of document with status done ? Show me the document id of those whose document status is done and document type is Paper . Which of those are shipped by agent named USPS ? List document id of documents status is done and document type is Paper and the document is shipped by shipping agent named USPS.
Show me all about the documents .
Show me all about the documents . Only list document with id 7 .
Show me all about the documents . Only list document with id 7 . What are its draft details ?
Show me all about the documents . Only list document with id 7 . What are its draft details ? What is draft detail of the document with id 7?
Show me everything about draft copies .
Show me everything about draft copies . What 's the draft number of document with id 2 ?
Show me everything about draft copies . What 's the draft number of document with id 2 ? How many draft copies does it have ?
Show me everything about draft copies . What 's the draft number of document with id 2 ? How many draft copies does it have ? How many draft copies does the document with id 2 have?
What 's draft number of the documents ?
What 's draft number of the documents ? How about the draft copies ? Show me how many draft copies each document has ?
What 's draft number of the documents ? How about the draft copies ? Show me how many draft copies each document has ? Which of the result has the most draft copies ?
What 's draft number of the documents ? How about the draft copies ? Show me how many draft copies each document has ? Which of the result has the most draft copies ? Which document has the most draft copies? List its document id and number of draft copies.
How many draft copies does each document have ? List the id of documents .
How many draft copies does each document have ? List the id of documents . Which one has the maximum number of draft copies ?
How many draft copies does each document have ? List the id of documents . Which one has the maximum number of draft copies ? How about ones with more than 1 draft copies ?
How many draft copies does each document have ? List the id of documents . Which one has the maximum number of draft copies ? How about ones with more than 1 draft copies ? Which documents have more than 1 draft copies? List document id and number of draft copies.
Show me all about the document with id 1 .
Show me all about the document with id 1 . What about role codes of the employees who appeared in the circulation history of it ?
Show me all about the document with id 1 . What about role codes of the employees who appeared in the circulation history of it ? What about these employees ' names ?
Show me all about the document with id 1 . What about role codes of the employees who appeared in the circulation history of it ? What about these employees ' names ? List all employees in the circulation history of the document with id 1. List the employee's name.
For each employee , list the number of documents which showed up in the circulation history .
For each employee , list the number of documents which showed up in the circulation history . Who showed up the most times ?
For each employee , list the number of documents which showed up in the circulation history . Who showed up the most times ? What about the names of the employees who have not showed up in any circulation history of documents .
For each employee , list the number of documents which showed up in the circulation history . Who showed up the most times ? What about the names of the employees who have not showed up in any circulation history of documents . List the employees who have not showed up in any circulation history of documents. List the employee's name.
Show me about the Circulation History .
Show me about the Circulation History . Which employee has showed up in the least Circulation History documents ?
Show me about the Circulation History . Which employee has showed up in the least Circulation History documents ? How about the most circulation history documents ? Show the number of circulation history documents as well .
Show me about the Circulation History . Which employee has showed up in the least Circulation History documents ? How about the most circulation history documents ? Show the number of circulation history documents as well . Which employee has showed up in most circulation history documents. List the employee's name and the number of drafts and copies.
Show all the address information .
Show all the address information . How about those in country USA ?
Show all the address information . How about those in country USA ? How many of them are there ?
Show all the address information . How about those in country USA ? How many of them are there ? How many addresses are there in country USA?
Show all cities in the addresses .
Show all cities in the addresses . Only show unique names .
Show all cities in the addresses . Only show unique names . Show all distinct cities in the address record.
Show the state for each address .
Show the state for each address . Also show the number of addresses in each of them .
Show the state for each address . Also show the number of addresses in each of them . Show each state and the number of addresses in each state.
Show the ids of all customers .
Show the ids of all customers . What about those who have address information ?
Show the ids of all customers . What about those who have address information ? Show the names of those who do n't have it .
Show the ids of all customers . What about those who have address information ? Show the names of those who do n't have it . Also show their phone numbers .
Show the ids of all customers . What about those who have address information ? Show the names of those who do n't have it . Also show their phone numbers . Show names and phones of customers who do not have address information.
Show the names of all customers .
Show the names of all customers . Also show the number of orders each of them has .
Show the names of all customers . Also show the number of orders each of them has . Sort the names in descending order of the number of orders .
Show the names of all customers . Also show the number of orders each of them has . Sort the names in descending order of the number of orders . Who has the most ?
Show the names of all customers . Also show the number of orders each of them has . Sort the names in descending order of the number of orders . Who has the most ? Show the name of the customer who has the most orders.
Show the product type code for all products .
Show the product type code for all products . For each of them , count the number of products .
Show the product type code for all products . For each of them , count the number of products . Which of them have at least two products ?
Show the product type code for all products . For each of them , count the number of products . Which of them have at least two products ? Show the product type codes which have at least two products.
Show the names of all customers .
Show the names of all customers . Who has an order in completed status ?
Show the names of all customers . Who has an order in completed status ? Who has an order in part status ?
Show the names of all customers . Who has an order in completed status ? Who has an order in part status ? Who has both ?
Show the names of all customers . Who has an order in completed status ? Who has an order in part status ? Who has both ? Show the names of customers who have both an order in completed status and an order in part status.
Show the name for all customers .
Show the name for all customers . Also show their phone number and payment method code .
Show the name for all customers . Also show their phone number and payment method code . Sort the results in descending order of customer number .
Show the name for all customers . Also show their phone number and payment method code . Sort the results in descending order of customer number . Show the name, phone, and payment method code for all customers in descending order of customer number.
Show the product name for all products .
Show the product name for all products . Show the product name and all the order quantities for each product .
Show the product name for all products . Show the product name and all the order quantities for each product . For each of those products , what is the total order quantity ?
Show the product name for all products . Show the product name and all the order quantities for each product . For each of those products , what is the total order quantity ? Show the product name and total order quantity for each product.
Show the price for all products .
Show the price for all products . What is the minimum , maximum , and average of them ?
Show the price for all products . What is the minimum , maximum , and average of them ? Show the minimum, maximum, average price for all products.
What is the average price for prodcuts ?
What is the average price for prodcuts ? Show product information for products more expensive than the average .
What is the average price for prodcuts ? Show product information for products more expensive than the average . How many such products are there ?
What is the average price for prodcuts ? Show product information for products more expensive than the average . How many such products are there ? How many products have a price higher than the average?
Show the date from and date to for each customer address history .
Show the date from and date to for each customer address history . For each of those records , also show the customer name .
Show the date from and date to for each customer address history . For each of those records , also show the customer name . For each of those , also show the customer address city .
Show the date from and date to for each customer address history . For each of those records , also show the customer name . For each of those , also show the customer address city . Show the customer name, customer address city, date from, and date to for each customer address history.
Show the names of all customers .
Show the names of all customers . Count the number of orders each of them has made .
Show the names of all customers . Count the number of orders each of them has made . For each of them , how many of their orders use Credit Card payment method ?
Show the names of all customers . Count the number of orders each of them has made . For each of them , how many of their orders use Credit Card payment method ? Show the names of those who have more than 2 such orders .
Show the names of all customers . Count the number of orders each of them has made . For each of them , how many of their orders use Credit Card payment method ? Show the names of those who have more than 2 such orders . Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method and have more than 2 orders.
Show the names of all customers .
Show the names of all customers . Also show their phone numbers .
Show the names of all customers . Also show their phone numbers . For each of them , what is the total product quantity of their orders ?
Show the names of all customers . Also show their phone numbers . For each of them , what is the total product quantity of their orders ? Sort the results in descending order of the quantity .
Show the names of all customers . Also show their phone numbers . For each of them , what is the total product quantity of their orders ? Sort the results in descending order of the quantity . What are the name and phone number of the customer with the most ?
Show the names of all customers . Also show their phone numbers . For each of them , what is the total product quantity of their orders ? Sort the results in descending order of the quantity . What are the name and phone number of the customer with the most ? What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity?
Show me the last names of all teachers .
Show me the last names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom .
Show me the last names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom . Which classrooms do fifth grade students have ?
Show me the last names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom . Which classrooms do fifth grade students have ? Show me the teachers who teach in any of those classrooms .
Show me the last names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom . Which classrooms do fifth grade students have ? Show me the teachers who teach in any of those classrooms . Find the last names of the teachers that teach fifth grade.
Show me the first names of all teachers .
Show me the first names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom .
Show me the first names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom . Which classrooms do first grade students have ?
Show me the first names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom . Which classrooms do first grade students have ? Show me the teachers who teach in any of those classrooms .
Show me the first names of all teachers . Show me the student grade in each classroom . Which classrooms do first grade students have ? Show me the teachers who teach in any of those classrooms . Find the first names of the teachers that teach first grade.
Show me the name of all teachers in record .
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does OTHA MOYER teach in ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does OTHA MOYER teach in ? Show me the name of students who are in those classrooms .
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does OTHA MOYER teach in ? Show me the name of students who are in those classrooms . Find all students taught by OTHA MOYER. Output the first and last names of the students.
Show me the name of all teachers in record .
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does MARROTTE KIRK teach in ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does MARROTTE KIRK teach in ? Show me the name of students who are in those classrooms .
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does MARROTTE KIRK teach in ? Show me the name of students who are in those classrooms . Find all students taught by MARROTTE KIRK. Output first and last names of students.
How many students are there in the file ?
How many students are there in the file ? Give me the classroom EVELINA BROMLEY is in .
How many students are there in the file ? Give me the classroom EVELINA BROMLEY is in . Show me the name of teachers that teach in that classroom .
How many students are there in the file ? Give me the classroom EVELINA BROMLEY is in . Show me the name of teachers that teach in that classroom . Find the first and last name of all the teachers that teach EVELINA BROMLEY.
How many students are there in the file ?
How many students are there in the file ? Give me the classroom GELL TAMI is in .
How many students are there in the file ? Give me the classroom GELL TAMI is in . Show me the last name of teachers that teach in that classroom .
How many students are there in the file ? Give me the classroom GELL TAMI is in . Show me the last name of teachers that teach in that classroom . Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI.
Show me the name of all teachers in record .
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does LORIA ONDERSMA teach in ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does LORIA ONDERSMA teach in ? How many students study in those classrooms ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does LORIA ONDERSMA teach in ? How many students study in those classrooms ? How many students does LORIA ONDERSMA teaches?
Show me the name of all teachers in record .
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does KAWA GORDON teach in ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does KAWA GORDON teach in ? How many students study in those classrooms ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does KAWA GORDON teach in ? How many students study in those classrooms ? How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches?
Show me the name of all teachers in record .
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does TARRING LEIA teach in ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does TARRING LEIA teach in ? How many students study in those classrooms ?
Show me the name of all teachers in record . Which classrooms does TARRING LEIA teach in ? How many students study in those classrooms ? Find the number of students taught by TARRING LEIA.
How many teachers are there in record ?
How many teachers are there in record ? What classrooms is CHRISSY NABOZNY in ?
How many teachers are there in record ? What classrooms is CHRISSY NABOZNY in ? How many are they ?
How many teachers are there in record ? What classrooms is CHRISSY NABOZNY in ? How many are they ? How many teachers does the student named CHRISSY NABOZNY have?
How many teachers are there in record ?
How many teachers are there in record ? What classrooms is MADLOCK RAY in ?
How many teachers are there in record ? What classrooms is MADLOCK RAY in ? How many are they ?
How many teachers are there in record ? What classrooms is MADLOCK RAY in ? How many are they ? How many teachers does the student named MADLOCK RAY have?
How many teachers are there ?
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER .
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER . What about classrooms other than that ?
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER . What about classrooms other than that ? Give me the name of all first-grade students who are in any of those classrooms .
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER . What about classrooms other than that ? Give me the name of all first-grade students who are in any of those classrooms . Find all first-grade students who are NOT taught by OTHA MOYER. Report their first and last names.
How many teachers are there ?
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER .
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER . What about classrooms other than that ?
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER . What about classrooms other than that ? Give me the name of all first-grade students who are in any of those classrooms .
How many teachers are there ? Show me the classroom of OTHA MOYER . What about classrooms other than that ? Give me the name of all first-grade students who are in any of those classrooms . Find the last names of the students in third grade that are not taught by COVIN JEROME.
How many students are there in record ?
How many students are there in record ? What about that in terms of each grade ?
How many students are there in record ? What about that in terms of each grade ? Also include number of classrooms .
How many students are there in record ? What about that in terms of each grade ? Also include number of classrooms . For each grade, report the grade, the number of classrooms in which it is taught and the total number of students in the grade.
How many classrooms are there ?
How many classrooms are there ? How many students does each of them have ?
How many classrooms are there ? How many students does each of them have ? Give me the classroom with the most of them .
How many classrooms are there ? How many students does each of them have ? Give me the classroom with the most of them . Which classroom has the most students?
How many classrooms are there ?
How many classrooms are there ? Show me the classrooms that any zero grade is in .
How many classrooms are there ? Show me the classrooms that any zero grade is in . How many students are in each of those classrooms ?
How many classrooms are there ? Show me the classrooms that any zero grade is in . How many students are in each of those classrooms ? For each grade 0 classroom, report the total number of students.
How many classrooms are there ?
How many classrooms are there ? Show me the classrooms that any fourth-grade is in .
How many classrooms are there ? Show me the classrooms that any fourth-grade is in . How many students are in each of those classrooms ?
How many classrooms are there ? Show me the classrooms that any fourth-grade is in . How many students are in each of those classrooms ? Report the total number of students for each fourth-grade classroom.
How many students have major 600 ?
How many students have major 600 ? What is the maximum age of these students ?
How many students have major 600 ? What is the maximum age of these students ? Please show the minimum age as well .
How many students have major 600 ? What is the maximum age of these students ? Please show the minimum age as well . What are the maximum and minimum age of students with major 600?
How many students have secretary votes ?
How many students have secretary votes ? How many of those are from the fall election cycle ?
How many students have secretary votes ? How many of those are from the fall election cycle ? What are the names of those students ?
How many students have secretary votes ? How many of those are from the fall election cycle ? What are the names of those students ? What are their ages ?
How many students have secretary votes ? How many of those are from the fall election cycle ? What are the names of those students ? What are their ages ? Find the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle.
How many students have treasurer votes ?
How many students have treasurer votes ? How many of those are from the spring election cycle ?
How many students have treasurer votes ? How many of those are from the spring election cycle ? Please list their names .
How many students have treasurer votes ? How many of those are from the spring election cycle ? Please list their names . Who are their advisors ?
How many students have treasurer votes ? How many of those are from the spring election cycle ? Please list their names . Who are their advisors ? Find the distinct Advisor of students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle.
How many students have president votes ?
How many students have president votes ? How many of them are female ?
How many students have president votes ? How many of them are female ? What are their first and last names ?
How many students have president votes ? How many of them are female ? What are their first and last names ? Find the first and last names of all the female (sex is F) students who have president votes.
How many students have vice President votes ?
How many students have vice President votes ? What are their names ?
How many students have vice President votes ? What are their names ? How many of them are 18 years old ?
How many students have vice President votes ? What are their names ? How many of them are 18 years old ? What are their first and last names ?
How many students have vice President votes ? What are their names ? How many of them are 18 years old ? What are their first and last names ? Find the first and last name of all the students of age 18 who have vice president votes.
How many students have class senator votes ?
How many students have class senator votes ? How many of those votes are from the fall election cycle ?
How many students have class senator votes ? How many of those votes are from the fall election cycle ? How many are for male students ?
How many students have class senator votes ? How many of those votes are from the fall election cycle ? How many are for male students ? How many male (sex is M) students have class senator votes in the fall election cycle?
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC .
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . What are their names ?
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . What are their names ? How many of those students have class senator votes ?
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . What are their names ? How many of those students have class senator votes ? How many of those votes are from the spring election cycle ?
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . What are their names ? How many of those students have class senator votes ? How many of those votes are from the spring election cycle ? Find the number of students whose city code is NYC and who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle.
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC .
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . How many have secretary votes ?
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . How many have secretary votes ? Which of those students have votes from the spring election cycle ? List their names .
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . How many have secretary votes ? Which of those students have votes from the spring election cycle ? List their names . What is their average age ?
Count the number of students whose city code is NYC . How many have secretary votes ? Which of those students have votes from the spring election cycle ? List their names . What is their average age ? Find the average age of students who live in the city with code "NYC" and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
How many female students are there ?
How many female students are there ? How many have secretary votes ?
How many female students are there ? How many have secretary votes ? Which of them have votes from the spring election cycle ? List their names .
How many female students are there ? How many have secretary votes ? Which of them have votes from the spring election cycle ? List their names . What is their average age ?
How many female students are there ? How many have secretary votes ? Which of them have votes from the spring election cycle ? List their names . What is their average age ? Find the average age of female (sex is F) students who have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
How many students have Vice President votes ?
How many students have Vice President votes ? Count the number of those students whose city code is not PIT .
How many students have Vice President votes ? Count the number of those students whose city code is not PIT . Please list their names .
How many students have Vice President votes ? Count the number of those students whose city code is not PIT . Please list their names . Please only list their first names .
How many students have Vice President votes ? Count the number of those students whose city code is not PIT . Please list their names . Please only list their first names . Find the distinct first names of all the students who have vice president votes and whose city code is not PIT.
Which students have president votes ?
Which students have president votes ? How many of those students do not have advisor 2192 ?
Which students have president votes ? How many of those students do not have advisor 2192 ? What are their names ?
Which students have president votes ? How many of those students do not have advisor 2192 ? What are their names ? Please only list last names .
Which students have president votes ? How many of those students do not have advisor 2192 ? What are their names ? Please only list last names . Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is not 2192.
How many students have president votes ?
How many students have president votes ? How many of those students have advisor 8741 ?
How many students have president votes ? How many of those students have advisor 8741 ? What are their names ?
How many students have president votes ? How many of those students have advisor 8741 ? What are their names ? Please only list last names .
How many students have president votes ? How many of those students have advisor 8741 ? What are their names ? Please only list last names . Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741.
What are all of the advisors ?
What are all of the advisors ? How many advise 2 students or less ?
What are all of the advisors ? How many advise 2 students or less ? How many advise more than 2 students ?
What are all of the advisors ? How many advise 2 students or less ? How many advise more than 2 students ? Please report these advisors .
What are all of the advisors ? How many advise 2 students or less ? How many advise more than 2 students ? Please report these advisors . Report all advisors that advise more than 2 students.
Report all majors .
Report all majors . How many have 3 students or more ?
Report all majors . How many have 3 students or more ? How many have less than 3 students ?
Report all majors . How many have 3 students or more ? How many have less than 3 students ? Report those majors with less than 3 students .
Report all majors . How many have 3 students or more ? How many have less than 3 students ? Report those majors with less than 3 students . Report all majors that have less than 3 students.
Report all majors .
Report all majors . Report the number of students per major as well .
Report all majors . Report the number of students per major as well . Order the majors by decreasing number of students .
Report all majors . Report the number of students per major as well . Order the majors by decreasing number of students . Which major has the most students ?
Report all majors . Report the number of students per major as well . Order the majors by decreasing number of students . Which major has the most students ? Which major has the most students?
List the majors of female students .
List the majors of female students . Order the majors by decreasing number of students .
List the majors of female students . Order the majors by decreasing number of students . What is the most common major ?
List the majors of female students . Order the majors by decreasing number of students . What is the most common major ? What is the most common major among female (sex is F) students?
How many students live in each city ?
How many students live in each city ? List the cities from the one with the most students to the one with the least students .
How many students live in each city ? List the cities from the one with the most students to the one with the least students . How many students live in the most popular city ?
How many students live in each city ? List the cities from the one with the most students to the one with the least students . How many students live in the most popular city ? What is the city code of the most popular city ?
How many students live in each city ? List the cities from the one with the most students to the one with the least students . How many students live in the most popular city ? What is the city code of the most popular city ? What is the city_code of the city that the most students live in?
Give me movies that are directed by James Cameron .
Give me movies that are directed by James Cameron . What about those that also produced after 2000 at the same time ?
Give me movies that are directed by James Cameron . What about those that also produced after 2000 at the same time ? What is the name of the movie produced after 2000 and directed by James Cameron?
Give me the name of all reviewers .
Give me the name of all reviewers . Whose name contains `` Mike '' ?
Give me the name of all reviewers . Whose name contains `` Mike '' ? What about his id ?
Give me the name of all reviewers . Whose name contains `` Mike '' ? What about his id ? What is the id of the reviewer whose name has substring Mike?
What are the ratings ?
What are the ratings ? Show me the lowest and highest stars .
What are the ratings ? Show me the lowest and highest stars . What is the lowest and highest rating star?
Show me the name of all movies .
Show me the name of all movies . What about their ratings ?
Show me the name of all movies . What about their ratings ? Only show those with a rating of 4 or 5 .
Show me the name of all movies . What about their ratings ? Only show those with a rating of 4 or 5 . Give me all years that have any of those movies in the order of year .
Show me the name of all movies . What about their ratings ? Only show those with a rating of 4 or 5 . Give me all years that have any of those movies in the order of year . Find all years that have a movie that received a rating of 4 or 5, and sort them in increasing order of year.
Show me the names of all movies .
Show me the names of all movies . What about those with 5 star rating ?
Show me the names of all movies . What about those with 5 star rating ? Who directed those movies ?
Show me the names of all movies . What about those with 5 star rating ? Who directed those movies ? What are the names of directors who directed movies with 5 star rating? Also return the title of these movies.
Who are all the reviewers ?
Who are all the reviewers ? What is their highest rating ?
Who are all the reviewers ? What is their highest rating ? What is their lowest rating ?
Who are all the reviewers ? What is their highest rating ? What is their lowest rating ? What about their average rating ?
Who are all the reviewers ? What is their highest rating ? What is their lowest rating ? What about their average rating ? What is the average rating star for each reviewer?
What are the title of all movies ?
What are the title of all movies ? What about those without any rating ?
What are the title of all movies ? What about those without any rating ? Find the titles of all movies that have no ratings.
What are the titles of all movies ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the oldest ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the oldest ? What is its average rating stars ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the oldest ? What is its average rating stars ? What is the average rating stars and title for the oldest movie?
What are the titles of all movies ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the most recent ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the most recent ? What is the name of the most recent movie?
What are the titles of all movies ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the most recent ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the most recent ? What is its highest rating stars ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Which one is the most recent ? What is its highest rating stars ? What is the maximum stars and year for the most recent movie?
Show me the movies directed by Steven Spielberg .
Show me the movies directed by Steven Spielberg . What about their years ?
Show me the movies directed by Steven Spielberg . What about their years ? Show me the movies that were created after all of the above movies .
Show me the movies directed by Steven Spielberg . What about their years ? Show me the movies that were created after all of the above movies . What are the names of movies whose created year is after all movies directed by Steven Spielberg?
Show me the movies directed by James Cameron .
Show me the movies directed by James Cameron . What about their rating stars ?
Show me the movies directed by James Cameron . What about their rating stars ? Show me the average of them .
Show me the movies directed by James Cameron . What about their rating stars ? Show me the average of them . Give me the titles and directors of movies whose star is greater than that .
Show me the movies directed by James Cameron . What about their rating stars ? Show me the average of them . Give me the titles and directors of movies whose star is greater than that . What are the titles and directors of the movies whose star is greater than the average stars of the movies directed by James Cameron?
What are the titles of all movies ?
What are the titles of all movies ? Show me their reviewer 's name , stars , and rating date .
What are the titles of all movies ? Show me their reviewer 's name , stars , and rating date . Sort them first by reviewer name , then by movie title , and lastly by number of stars .
What are the titles of all movies ? Show me their reviewer 's name , stars , and rating date . Sort them first by reviewer name , then by movie title , and lastly by number of stars . Return reviewer name, movie title, stars, and rating date. And sort the data first by reviewer name, then by movie title, and lastly by number of stars.
Show me the names of all the reviewers .
Show me the names of all the reviewers . What about the ratings they have contributed ?
Show me the names of all the reviewers . What about the ratings they have contributed ? Show me the reviewers who have contributed three or more ratings .
Show me the names of all the reviewers . What about the ratings they have contributed ? Show me the reviewers who have contributed three or more ratings . Find the names of all reviewers who have contributed three or more ratings.
Show me the ratings for Gone with the Wind .
Show me the ratings for Gone with the Wind . Give me the names of reviewers who gave those ratings .
Show me the ratings for Gone with the Wind . Give me the names of reviewers who gave those ratings . Find the names of all reviewers who rated Gone with the Wind.
Show me all the ratings given by Sarah Martinez .
Show me all the ratings given by Sarah Martinez . What movies are those ratings about ?
Show me all the ratings given by Sarah Martinez . What movies are those ratings about ? Show me the directors of those movies .
Show me all the ratings given by Sarah Martinez . What movies are those ratings about ? Show me the directors of those movies . Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez.
Show me the titles of all the movies .
Show me the titles of all the movies . What about the name of their reviewers and directors ?
Show me the titles of all the movies . What about the name of their reviewers and directors ? Show those who have the same names .
Show me the titles of all the movies . What about the name of their reviewers and directors ? Show those who have the same names . Give me the reviewer name , movie title , and number of stars .
Show me the titles of all the movies . What about the name of their reviewers and directors ? Show those who have the same names . Give me the reviewer name , movie title , and number of stars . For any rating where the name of reviewer is the same as the director of the movie, return the reviewer name, movie title, and number of stars.
Give me the names of all reviewers .
Give me the names of all reviewers . Show me the title of all movies together in a single list .
Give me the names of all reviewers . Show me the title of all movies together in a single list . Return all reviewer names and movie names together in a single list.
Give me the ratings given by Chris Jackson .
Give me the ratings given by Chris Jackson . What movies are they about ?
Give me the ratings given by Chris Jackson . What movies are they about ? Show me the movies other than those .
Give me the ratings given by Chris Jackson . What movies are they about ? Show me the movies other than those . Find the titles of all movies not reviewed by Chris Jackson.
What are all the directors ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed more than one movie .
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed more than one movie . Show me their directed movies ' titles , in the order of director name , then movie title .
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed more than one movie . Show me their directed movies ' titles , in the order of director name , then movie title . For all directors who directed more than one movie, return the titles of all movies directed by them, along with the director name. Sort by director name, then movie title.
What are all the directors ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed more than one movie .
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed more than one movie . Give me the titles and produced years of all movies directed by them .
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed more than one movie . Give me the titles and produced years of all movies directed by them . For directors who had more than one movie, return the titles and produced years of all movies directed by them.
What are all the directors ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed exactly one movie .
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed exactly one movie . What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie?
What are all the directors ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ?
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed exactly one movie other than NULL .
What are all the directors ? How many movies did each of them direct ? Show me those who directed exactly one movie other than NULL . What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie excluding director NULL?
What are all the directors ?
What are all the directors ? How many movie reviews does each of them get ?
What are all the directors ? How many movie reviews does each of them get ? How many movie reviews does each director get?
What are all the movies ?
What are all the movies ? What are their average ratings ?
What are all the movies ? What are their average ratings ? Give me the movies with the highest average rating .
What are all the movies ? What are their average ratings ? Give me the movies with the highest average rating . Find the movies with the highest average rating. Return the movie titles and average rating.
What are all the movies ?
What are all the movies ? What are their average ratings ?
What are all the movies ? What are their average ratings ? Give me the movies with the lowest average rating .
What are all the movies ? What are their average ratings ? Give me the movies with the lowest average rating . What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating?
Show me the titles all the movies .
Show me the titles all the movies . What are their ratings ?
Show me the titles all the movies . What are their ratings ? Show me the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 rating star .
Show me the titles all the movies . What are their ratings ? Show me the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 rating star . What are the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star?
What are all the directors excluding NULL ?
What are all the directors excluding NULL ? What about the highest rating their movies have ever received ?
What are all the directors excluding NULL ? What about the highest rating their movies have ever received ? Also give me those movies ' title .
What are all the directors excluding NULL ? What about the highest rating their movies have ever received ? Also give me those movies ' title . For each director, return the director's name together with the title of the movie they directed that received the highest rating among all of their movies, and the value of that rating. Ignore movies whose director is NULL.
What are the name of all the reviewers ?
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the least rating stars they ever gave ?
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the least rating stars they ever gave ? Also show me the title of the movies that correspond to those rating stars .
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the least rating stars they ever gave ? Also show me the title of the movies that correspond to those rating stars . Find the title and star rating of the movie that got the least rating star for each reviewer.
Who are all the directors ?
Who are all the directors ? What about the lowest rating their movies have ever received ?
Who are all the directors ? What about the lowest rating their movies have ever received ? Also give me those movies ' title .
Who are all the directors ? What about the lowest rating their movies have ever received ? Also give me those movies ' title . Find the title and score of the movie with the lowest rating among all movies directed by each director.
What are the names of all movies ?
What are the names of all movies ? How many ratings did each of them have ?
What are the names of all movies ? How many ratings did each of them have ? Give me the name of the movie that has the most ratings .
What are the names of all movies ? How many ratings did each of them have ? Give me the name of the movie that has the most ratings . What is the name of the movie that is rated by most of times?
What are the name of all movies ?
What are the name of all movies ? What rating star did each of them have ?
What are the name of all movies ? What rating star did each of them have ? Give me the movies that have rating star between 3 and 5 .
What are the name of all movies ? What rating star did each of them have ? Give me the movies that have rating star between 3 and 5 . What are the titles of all movies that have rating star is between 3 and 5?
What are the names of all the reviewers ?
What are the names of all the reviewers ? Who had given ratings higher than 3 stars ?
What are the names of all the reviewers ? Who had given ratings higher than 3 stars ? Find the names of reviewers who had given higher than 3 stars ratings.
What are the name of all the reviewers ?
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the movies that are reviewed by Brittany Harris ?
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the movies that are reviewed by Brittany Harris ? Show me the average rating star for all other movies except those .
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the movies that are reviewed by Brittany Harris ? Show me the average rating star for all other movies except those . Find the average rating star for each movie that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris.
What are the name of all the reviewers ?
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the ids of the movies that are reviewed by Brittany Harris ?
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the ids of the movies that are reviewed by Brittany Harris ? Show me the ids of movies except those .
What are the name of all the reviewers ? What are the ids of the movies that are reviewed by Brittany Harris ? Show me the ids of movies except those . What are the ids of the movies that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris.
What are the rating star for all the movies ?
What are the rating star for all the movies ? Give me the average rating star for each movie .
What are the rating star for all the movies ? Give me the average rating star for each movie . Only show those that received at least 2 ratings .
What are the rating star for all the movies ? Give me the average rating star for each movie . Only show those that received at least 2 ratings . Find the average rating star for each movie that received at least 2 ratings.
What are all the ratings ?
What are all the ratings ? Show me the ids of reviewers who gave 4 star .
What are all the ratings ? Show me the ids of reviewers who gave 4 star . Give me the ids of reviewers except those .
What are all the ratings ? Show me the ids of reviewers who gave 4 star . Give me the ids of reviewers except those . find the ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star.
Show me the name of all the movies .
Show me the name of all the movies . What about those that were made after 2000 ?
Show me the name of all the movies . What about those that were made after 2000 ? Please also include those that were reviewed by Brittany Harris .
Show me the name of all the movies . What about those that were made after 2000 ? Please also include those that were reviewed by Brittany Harris . What are names of the movies that are either made after 2000 or reviewed by Brittany Harris?
Show me the name of all the movies .
Show me the name of all the movies . What about those that were made before 1980 ?
Show me the name of all the movies . What about those that were made before 1980 ? Please also include those that were directed by James Cameron .
Show me the name of all the movies . What about those that were made before 1980 ? Please also include those that were directed by James Cameron . What are names of the movies that are either made before 1980 or directed by James Cameron?
Show me the name of all the reviewers .
Show me the name of all the reviewers . What about the rating star they had given ?
Show me the name of all the reviewers . What about the rating star they had given ? Show me the reviewers who had rated 3 star and 4 star .
Show me the name of all the reviewers . What about the rating star they had given ? Show me the reviewers who had rated 3 star and 4 star . What are the names of reviewers who had rated 3 star and 4 star?
List the ratings for all of the reviews .
List the ratings for all of the reviews . What was the average rating ?
List the ratings for all of the reviews . What was the average rating ? Include the maximum as well .
List the ratings for all of the reviews . What was the average rating ? Include the maximum as well . Find the average and maximum rating of all reviews.
Show all items .
Show all items . Which ones received reviews ?
Show all items . Which ones received reviews ? How about those that did not receive any reviews ?
Show all items . Which ones received reviews ? How about those that did not receive any reviews ? How many unreviewed items were there ?
Show all items . Which ones received reviews ? How about those that did not receive any reviews ? How many unreviewed items were there ? Find the number of items that did not receive any review.
List the ratings of all goods .
List the ratings of all goods . Include the names of the goods .
List the ratings of all goods . Include the names of the goods . How many received a rating of 10 ?
List the ratings of all goods . Include the names of the goods . How many received a rating of 10 ? What are the names of these goods ?
List the ratings of all goods . Include the names of the goods . How many received a rating of 10 ? What are the names of these goods ? Find the names of goods that receive a rating of 10.
What is the average rating of all items ?
What is the average rating of all items ? How many items have a rating lower than the average ?
What is the average rating of all items ? How many items have a rating lower than the average ? How about higher than the average ?
What is the average rating of all items ? How many items have a rating lower than the average ? How about higher than the average ? What are the names of those items ?
What is the average rating of all items ? How many items have a rating lower than the average ? How about higher than the average ? What are the names of those items ? Find the titles of items whose rating is higher than the average review rating of all items.
List the title and rating for each item .
List the title and rating for each item . Order by increasing rating .
List the title and rating for each item . Order by increasing rating . How many received a rating below 5 ?
List the title and rating for each item . Order by increasing rating . How many received a rating below 5 ? What are the names of these items ?
List the title and rating for each item . Order by increasing rating . How many received a rating below 5 ? What are the names of these items ? Find the titles of items that received any rating below 5.
What is the title and rating for each item ?
What is the title and rating for each item ? Which ones received a rating higher than 8 ?
What is the title and rating for each item ? Which ones received a rating higher than 8 ? Out of those items , which ones also received a rating less than 5 ?
What is the title and rating for each item ? Which ones received a rating higher than 8 ? Out of those items , which ones also received a rating less than 5 ? Find the titles of items that received both a rating higher than 8 and a rating below 5.
What items were ranked ?
What items were ranked ? How many have a rank that is greater than 3 ?
What items were ranked ? How many have a rank that is greater than 3 ? List the names of these items .
What items were ranked ? How many have a rank that is greater than 3 ? List the names of these items . Out of these items , which ones also have an average rating that is above 5 ?
What items were ranked ? How many have a rank that is greater than 3 ? List the names of these items . Out of these items , which ones also have an average rating that is above 5 ? Find the names of items whose rank is higher than 3 and whose average rating is above 5.
List the names of all items
List the names of all items Show the average rating of each one as well .
List the names of all items Show the average rating of each one as well . Order by increasing average rating .
List the names of all items Show the average rating of each one as well . Order by increasing average rating . Which one has the lowest ?
List the names of all items Show the average rating of each one as well . Order by increasing average rating . Which one has the lowest ? Find the name of the item with the lowest average rating.
What are the names of all users ?
What are the names of all users ? How many reviews were given by each user ?
What are the names of all users ? How many reviews were given by each user ? Order by the number of reviews given , from the greatest to the least .
What are the names of all users ? How many reviews were given by each user ? Order by the number of reviews given , from the greatest to the least . Who gave the most reviews ?
What are the names of all users ? How many reviews were given by each user ? Order by the number of reviews given , from the greatest to the least . Who gave the most reviews ? Find the name of the user who gives the most reviews.
List the name of each item that received a rating .
List the name of each item that received a rating . Include the item ID as well .
List the name of each item that received a rating . Include the item ID as well . Order items by decreasing average rating .
List the name of each item that received a rating . Include the item ID as well . Order items by decreasing average rating . Which item had the highest ? Include its ID as well .
List the name of each item that received a rating . Include the item ID as well . Order items by decreasing average rating . Which item had the highest ? Include its ID as well . Find the name and id of the item with the highest average rating.
Which items have a rank ?
Which items have a rank ? Also include their IDs .
Which items have a rank ? Also include their IDs . Order them by average rank from highest to lowest .
Which items have a rank ? Also include their IDs . Order them by average rank from highest to lowest . What is the name and ID of the item that received the highest average rank ?
Which items have a rank ? Also include their IDs . Order them by average rank from highest to lowest . What is the name and ID of the item that received the highest average rank ? Find the name and id of the good with the highest average rank.
List the names of all users .
List the names of all users . Only show those who gave reviews .
List the names of all users . Only show those who gave reviews . Include the ratings given by each of them .
List the names of all users . Only show those who gave reviews . Include the ratings given by each of them . Only show their name and the average rating given by each of them .
List the names of all users . Only show those who gave reviews . Include the ratings given by each of them . Only show their name and the average rating given by each of them . For each user, return the name and the average rating of reviews given by them.
What are the names of the users ?
What are the names of the users ? How many wrote reviews ?
What are the names of the users ? How many wrote reviews ? List their names ?
What are the names of the users ? How many wrote reviews ? List their names ? Include the number of reviews written by each of them .
What are the names of the users ? How many wrote reviews ? List their names ? Include the number of reviews written by each of them . For each user, find their name and the number of reviews written by them.
List the names of users who gave ratings .
List the names of users who gave ratings . Include the ratings that they gave as well .
List the names of users who gave ratings . Include the ratings that they gave as well . Order by highest to lowest rating .
List the names of users who gave ratings . Include the ratings that they gave as well . Order by highest to lowest rating . Who gave the highest rating ?
List the names of users who gave ratings . Include the ratings that they gave as well . Order by highest to lowest rating . Who gave the highest rating ? Find the name of the user who gave the highest rating.
What are all of the users names ?
What are all of the users names ? Only show the names of source users .
What are all of the users names ? Only show the names of source users . Order them by decreasing average trust score .
What are all of the users names ? Only show the names of source users . Order them by decreasing average trust score . Who has the highest average trust score ?
What are all of the users names ? Only show the names of source users . Order them by decreasing average trust score . Who has the highest average trust score ? Find the name of the source user with the highest average trust score.
List the names of all target users .
List the names of all target users . Include the trust scores for each target user .
List the names of all target users . Include the trust scores for each target user . List the name and average trust score for each target user .
List the names of all target users . Include the trust scores for each target user . List the name and average trust score for each target user . Find each target user's name and average trust score.
What are the names of all users ?
What are the names of all users ? Only show the target users .
What are the names of all users ? Only show the target users . Order them by increasing trust score .
What are the names of all users ? Only show the target users . Order them by increasing trust score . Who has the lowest trust score ?
What are the names of all users ? Only show the target users . Order them by increasing trust score . Who has the lowest trust score ? Find the name of the target user with the lowest trust score.
List the names of all items .
List the names of all items . How many did not receive any reviews ?
List the names of all items . How many did not receive any reviews ? List their names .
List the names of all items . How many did not receive any reviews ? List their names . Find the names of the items that did not receive any review.
What are all of the users names ?
What are all of the users names ? How many wrote reviews ?
What are all of the users names ? How many wrote reviews ? How many did not write reviews ?
What are all of the users names ? How many wrote reviews ? How many did not write reviews ? List their names .
What are all of the users names ? How many wrote reviews ? How many did not write reviews ? List their names . Find the names of users who did not leave any review.
Which cities have customer_type_code of `` Good Credit Rating '' ?
Which cities have customer_type_code of `` Good Credit Rating '' ? Which ones do not ?
Which cities have customer_type_code of `` Good Credit Rating '' ? Which ones do not ? Give the counts of the town city groups of customers in that first query .
Which cities have customer_type_code of `` Good Credit Rating '' ? Which ones do not ? Give the counts of the town city groups of customers in that first query . Just return the town city with the least number .
Which cities have customer_type_code of `` Good Credit Rating '' ? Which ones do not ? Give the counts of the town city groups of customers in that first query . Just return the town city with the least number . Which city has the least number of customers whose type code is "Good Credit Rating"?
Which product ids have received complaints ?
Which product ids have received complaints ? What are the names of those products ?
Which product ids have received complaints ? What are the names of those products ? Speaking of those names , count the number of complaints about them .
Which product ids have received complaints ? What are the names of those products ? Speaking of those names , count the number of complaints about them . List the name of all products along with the number of complaints that they have received.
Which customer ids have filed complaints ?
Which customer ids have filed complaints ? What are the emails of these customers ?
Which customer ids have filed complaints ? What are the emails of these customers ? Sum the complaints of each customer email address .
Which customer ids have filed complaints ? What are the emails of these customers ? Sum the complaints of each customer email address . Find the email of the customer who has filed the most complaints .
Which customer ids have filed complaints ? What are the emails of these customers ? Sum the complaints of each customer email address . Find the email of the customer who has filed the most complaints . Find the email of the customer who has filed the most complaints.
Which customer id filed the least number of complaints ? How many ?
Which customer id filed the least number of complaints ? How many ? Which product names did this customer complain about ?
Which customer id filed the least number of complaints ? How many ? Which product names did this customer complain about ? Which products has been complained by the customer who has filed least amount of complaints?
What is the customer id of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ?
What is the customer id of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ? What is this customers city ?
What is the customer id of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ? What is this customers city ? How about their phone number ?
What is the customer id of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint ? What is this customers city ? How about their phone number ? What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint?
Find the email of the customers who have never filed a complaint before .
Find the email of the customers who have never filed a complaint before . Also the phone number .
Find the email of the customers who have never filed a complaint before . Also the phone number . Find the email and phone number of the customers who have never filed a complaint before.
What are the phone numbers of customers ?
What are the phone numbers of customers ? How about staff ?
What are the phone numbers of customers ? How about staff ? Union those .
What are the phone numbers of customers ? How about staff ? Union those . Find the phone number of all the customers and staff.
Order the product records by descending price .
Order the product records by descending price . Just show the product names and category codes .
Order the product records by descending price . Just show the product names and category codes . Only for the most expensive product .
Order the product records by descending price . Just show the product names and category codes . Only for the most expensive product . Find the name and category of the most expensive product.
Which product ids have never been complained about ?
Which product ids have never been complained about ? Which ones have been complained about ?
Which product ids have never been complained about ? Which ones have been complained about ? Find the prices of products which has never received a single complaint .
Which product ids have never been complained about ? Which ones have been complained about ? Find the prices of products which has never received a single complaint . Find the prices of products which has never received a single complaint.
What is the name of the cheapest product ?
What is the name of the cheapest product ? Show records where this product was complained about .
What is the name of the cheapest product ? Show records where this product was complained about . Find the last name of the staff member who processed a complaint of this cheapest product .
What is the name of the cheapest product ? Show records where this product was complained about . Find the last name of the staff member who processed a complaint of this cheapest product . Find the last names of the staff members who processed complaints about the cheapest product.
Count the various complaint status codes .
Count the various complaint status codes . Only show counts greater than 3 .
Count the various complaint status codes . Only show counts greater than 3 . Which complaint status has more than 3 records on file?
What are the email addresses of the staff ?
What are the email addresses of the staff ? Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains `` wrau '' .
What are the email addresses of the staff ? Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains `` wrau '' . Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains "wrau".
What is the most common customer type ?
What is the most common customer type ? How many are there in this group ?
What is the most common customer type ? How many are there in this group ? How many customers are there in the customer type with the most customers?
What is the id of the first complaint ?
What is the id of the first complaint ? Which staff id was there for it ?
What is the id of the first complaint ? Which staff id was there for it ? What was the last name of this staff member ?
What is the id of the first complaint ? Which staff id was there for it ? What was the last name of this staff member ? What is the last name of the staff who has handled the first ever complaint?
Which complaints have type Product Failure ?
Which complaints have type Product Failure ? Which complaint statuses are among those records ?
Which complaints have type Product Failure ? Which complaint statuses are among those records ? Count the occurrences of each complaint status in the above .
Which complaints have type Product Failure ? Which complaint statuses are among those records ? Count the occurrences of each complaint status in the above . Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status.
What are the staff ids of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints ?
What are the staff ids of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints ? What are their first names ?
What are the staff ids of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints ? What are their first names ? What are the first names of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints?
Give the names and ratings of Restaurants .
Give the names and ratings of Restaurants . Sort by descending order .
Give the names and ratings of Restaurants . Sort by descending order . Just give the most highly rated restaurant name and rating .
Give the names and ratings of Restaurants . Sort by descending order . Just give the most highly rated restaurant name and rating . Which restaurant has highest rating? List the restaurant name and its rating.
List the last names , first names , and ages of students .
List the last names , first names , and ages of students . Narrow that down to last name `` Smith '' and first name `` Linda ''
List the last names , first names , and ages of students . Narrow that down to last name `` Smith '' and first name `` Linda '' What is the age of student Linda Smith ?
List the last names , first names , and ages of students . Narrow that down to last name `` Smith '' and first name `` Linda '' What is the age of student Linda Smith ? What is the age of student Linda Smith?
What is Linda Smith 's Major ?
What is Linda Smith 's Major ? How about Linda Smith 's Adivisor ?
What is Linda Smith 's Major ? How about Linda Smith 's Adivisor ? Give her gender .
What is Linda Smith 's Major ? How about Linda Smith 's Adivisor ? Give her gender . What is the gender of the student Linda Smith?
Give the student id of linda smith .
Give the student id of linda smith . Now for Tracy Kim .
Give the student id of linda smith . Now for Tracy Kim . Which city does student Linda Smith live in ?
Give the student id of linda smith . Now for Tracy Kim . Which city does student Linda Smith live in ? Which city does student Linda Smith live in?
Give the distinct advisors of students .
Give the distinct advisors of students . Which of those advises the most students ?
Give the distinct advisors of students . Which of those advises the most students ? Give the count , too .
Give the distinct advisors of students . Which of those advises the most students ? Give the count , too . Which Advisor has most of students? List advisor and the number of students.
Give distinct majors .
Give distinct majors . Which has the most number of students ?
Give distinct majors . Which has the most number of students ? Which has the least ?
Give distinct majors . Which has the most number of students ? Which has the least ? Give the count to prove it .
Give distinct majors . Which has the most number of students ? Which has the least ? Give the count to prove it . Which major has least number of students? List the major and the number of students.
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ?
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ? Count that , too .
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students ? Count that , too . Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students? List major and the number of students.
What are the student ids of students majoring in 600 ?
What are the student ids of students majoring in 600 ? Only show those whose age is 18 .
What are the student ids of students majoring in 600 ? Only show those whose age is 18 . Just show the first and last names .
What are the student ids of students majoring in 600 ? Only show those whose age is 18 . Just show the first and last names . Which student's age is older than 18 and is majoring in 600? List each student's first and last name.
Give information for students older than 18 .
Give information for students older than 18 . List all female students older than 18 who are not majoring in 600 . List students ' first name and last name .
Give information for students older than 18 . List all female students older than 18 who are not majoring in 600 . List students ' first name and last name . List all female students older than 18 who are not majoring in 600. List students' first name and last name.
How many types of restaurant have the name `` Sandwich '' ?
How many types of restaurant have the name `` Sandwich '' ? What are the names of restaurants with the type `` Sandwich '' ?
How many types of restaurant have the name `` Sandwich '' ? What are the names of restaurants with the type `` Sandwich '' ? Give the count of that .
How many types of restaurant have the name `` Sandwich '' ? What are the names of restaurants with the type `` Sandwich '' ? Give the count of that . How many restaurant is the Sandwich type restaurant?
How many times did Linda Smith visit a restaurant ?
How many times did Linda Smith visit a restaurant ? For those visits , how long did she spend ?
How many times did Linda Smith visit a restaurant ? For those visits , how long did she spend ? How long does student Linda Smith spend on the restaurant in total?
How many visits did Subway receive ?
How many visits did Subway receive ? Give the student ids for these visits .
How many visits did Subway receive ? Give the student ids for these visits . Do any of these correspond to the student Linda Smith ? How many ?
How many visits did Subway receive ? Give the student ids for these visits . Do any of these correspond to the student Linda Smith ? How many ? How many times has the student Linda Smith visited Subway?
How long did Linda Smith spend at Subway ?
How long did Linda Smith spend at Subway ? What time did she arrive ?
How long did Linda Smith spend at Subway ? What time did she arrive ? When did Linda Smith visit Subway?
What was the restaraunt id with the least amount of time spent ?
What was the restaraunt id with the least amount of time spent ? Give the name of this restaraunt and sum of time spent .
What was the restaraunt id with the least amount of time spent ? Give the name of this restaraunt and sum of time spent . At which restaurant did the students spend the least amount of time? List restaurant and the time students spent on in total.
What is the start and end dates of all policies ?
What is the start and end dates of all policies ? For the policies of `` Dayana Robel '' ?
What is the start and end dates of all policies ? For the policies of `` Dayana Robel '' ? What about the policy type code instead .
What is the start and end dates of all policies ? For the policies of `` Dayana Robel '' ? What about the policy type code instead . Find all the policy type codes associated with the customer "Dayana Robel"
What are the policy type codes ?
What are the policy type codes ? What are the least frequent ones ?
What are the policy type codes ? What are the least frequent ones ? Most frequent ?
What are the policy type codes ? What are the least frequent ones ? Most frequent ? Which type of policy is most frequently used? Give me the policy type code.
What are the policies ?
What are the policies ? Which ones have been used only once ?
What are the policies ? Which ones have been used only once ? How about more than twice ?
What are the policies ? Which ones have been used only once ? How about more than twice ? Find all the policy types that are used by more than 2 customers.
What are the claim type codes in the claim headers ?
What are the claim type codes in the claim headers ? The amounts paid ?
What are the claim type codes in the claim headers ? The amounts paid ? What is the sum of that ?
What are the claim type codes in the claim headers ? The amounts paid ? What is the sum of that ? Show the average as well .
What are the claim type codes in the claim headers ? The amounts paid ? What is the sum of that ? Show the average as well . Find the total and average amount paid in claim headers.
What are the claim documents ?
What are the claim documents ? Which was created most recently ?
What are the claim documents ? Which was created most recently ? Show the claim headers for this as well .
What are the claim documents ? Which was created most recently ? Show the claim headers for this as well . What is the total claim amount for these ?
What are the claim documents ? Which was created most recently ? Show the claim headers for this as well . What is the total claim amount for these ? Find the total amount claimed in the most recently created document.
What was the smallest policy amount paid ?
What was the smallest policy amount paid ? Claim amount instead ?
What was the smallest policy amount paid ? Claim amount instead ? Which was the policy for this ?
What was the smallest policy amount paid ? Claim amount instead ? Which was the policy for this ? For the largest claim amount instead ?
What was the smallest policy amount paid ? Claim amount instead ? Which was the policy for this ? For the largest claim amount instead ? Which customer owns this policy ?
What was the smallest policy amount paid ? Claim amount instead ? Which was the policy for this ? For the largest claim amount instead ? Which customer owns this policy ? What is the name of the customer who has made the largest amount of claim in a single claim?
What is the largest claim amount ?
What is the largest claim amount ? What was the policy for this ?
What is the largest claim amount ? What was the policy for this ? What about for the smallest payment amount instead ?
What is the largest claim amount ? What was the policy for this ? What about for the smallest payment amount instead ? Who owned this policy ?
What is the largest claim amount ? What was the policy for this ? What about for the smallest payment amount instead ? Who owned this policy ? What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim?
Who are the customers ?
Who are the customers ? What are their policies ?
Who are the customers ? What are their policies ? Who does n't have policies ?
Who are the customers ? What are their policies ? Who does n't have policies ? Find the names of customers who have no policies associated.
What is the least frequent claim outcome ?
What is the least frequent claim outcome ? Most frequent ?
What is the least frequent claim outcome ? Most frequent ? Show for claim status instead .
What is the least frequent claim outcome ? Most frequent ? Show for claim status instead . What is the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on?
Who are the customers ?
Who are the customers ? Only show their names .
Who are the customers ? Only show their names . Of these , which one contain `` III ''
Who are the customers ? Only show their names . Of these , which one contain `` III '' Containing `` Diana '' instead ?
Who are the customers ? Only show their names . Of these , which one contain `` III '' Containing `` Diana '' instead ? Find the names of customers whose name contains "Diana".
What are all the start and end dates of the policies ?
What are all the start and end dates of the policies ? Give me the policy types instead .
What are all the start and end dates of the policies ? Give me the policy types instead . Just the deputy policies .
What are all the start and end dates of the policies ? Give me the policy types instead . Just the deputy policies . Which customers have this policy ? Give their names .
What are all the start and end dates of the policies ? Give me the policy types instead . Just the deputy policies . Which customers have this policy ? Give their names . Find the names of the customers who have an deputy policy.
What are the policies of each customer ? Give the names and policy type codes .
What are the policies of each customer ? Give the names and policy type codes . Of these , show only those with jurisdiction policies .
What are the policies of each customer ? Give the names and policy type codes . Of these , show only those with jurisdiction policies . How about either deputy policy or uniformed policy ?
What are the policies of each customer ? Give the names and policy type codes . Of these , show only those with jurisdiction policies . How about either deputy policy or uniformed policy ? Now show just the unique names for these .
What are the policies of each customer ? Give the names and policy type codes . Of these , show only those with jurisdiction policies . How about either deputy policy or uniformed policy ? Now show just the unique names for these . Find the names of customers who either have an deputy policy or uniformed policy.
Who are the staff members ?
Who are the staff members ? Customers ?
Who are the staff members ? Customers ? Who are both customers and staff ?
Who are the staff members ? Customers ? Who are both customers and staff ? How about either of them ?
Who are the staff members ? Customers ? Who are both customers and staff ? How about either of them ? Find the names of all the customers and staff members.
Who are the customers ?
Who are the customers ? Which customers have more than 1 policy ?
Who are the customers ? Which customers have more than 1 policy ? Who has the most ?
Who are the customers ? Which customers have more than 1 policy ? Who has the most ? Find the name of the customer that has been involved in the most policies.
How many total passengers are in any airport with the word London in its name ?
How many total passengers are in any airport with the word London in its name ? How many International ?
How many total passengers are in any airport with the word London in its name ? How many International ? How about Transit ?
How many total passengers are in any airport with the word London in its name ? How many International ? How about Transit ? How about Domestic ?
How many total passengers are in any airport with the word London in its name ? How many International ? How about Transit ? How about Domestic ? What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
How many transit passengers does each airport have ?
How many transit passengers does each airport have ? What is the average number ?
How many transit passengers does each airport have ? What is the average number ? How about the maximum ?
How many transit passengers does each airport have ? What is the average number ? How about the maximum ? Please , show the minimum as well .
How many transit passengers does each airport have ? What is the average number ? How about the maximum ? Please , show the minimum as well . What are the maximum and minimum number of transit passengers of all airports.
Show all the pilot names and ages ?
Show all the pilot names and ages ? What are the names that are older younger than 50 ?
Show all the pilot names and ages ? What are the names that are older younger than 50 ? How about 30 or younger ?
Show all the pilot names and ages ? What are the names that are older younger than 50 ? How about 30 or younger ? Sort them in reverse alphabetical order ?
Show all the pilot names and ages ? What are the names that are older younger than 50 ? How about 30 or younger ? Sort them in reverse alphabetical order ? List names of all pilot aged 30 or younger in descending alphabetical order.
Is there an airport with the name `` London Gatwick '' ?
Is there an airport with the name `` London Gatwick '' ? How many aircrafts movements happen at this airport ?
Is there an airport with the name `` London Gatwick '' ? How many aircrafts movements happen at this airport ? Also , how many aircrafts is the airport associated with ?
Is there an airport with the name `` London Gatwick '' ? How many aircrafts movements happen at this airport ? Also , how many aircrafts is the airport associated with ? What is its name ?
Is there an airport with the name `` London Gatwick '' ? How many aircrafts movements happen at this airport ? Also , how many aircrafts is the airport associated with ? What is its name ? Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name "London Gatwick".
Show me a list of all the different airports !
Show me a list of all the different airports ! What ones have more than 10000000 total passengers ?
Show me a list of all the different airports ! What ones have more than 10000000 total passengers ? Show all the aircrafts associated with each of these airports .
Show me a list of all the different airports ! What ones have more than 10000000 total passengers ? Show all the aircrafts associated with each of these airports . Show only the names and descriptions .
Show me a list of all the different airports ! What ones have more than 10000000 total passengers ? Show all the aircrafts associated with each of these airports . Show only the names and descriptions . Please show the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with airports that have a total number of passengers bigger than 10000000.
Tell me more information about the aircraft called `` Robinson R-22 '' !
Tell me more information about the aircraft called `` Robinson R-22 '' ! How many airports use this aircraft ?
Tell me more information about the aircraft called `` Robinson R-22 '' ! How many airports use this aircraft ? What are their names , and total passengers ?
Tell me more information about the aircraft called `` Robinson R-22 '' ! How many airports use this aircraft ? What are their names , and total passengers ? What is the average total number passengers ?
Tell me more information about the aircraft called `` Robinson R-22 '' ! How many airports use this aircraft ? What are their names , and total passengers ? What is the average total number passengers ? What is the average total number of passengers of airports that are associated with aircraft "Robinson R-22"?
What are the names of all the winning pilots ?
What are the names of all the winning pilots ? What are the names of the aircrafts that they used ?
What are the names of all the winning pilots ? What are the names of the aircrafts that they used ? What one of the aircrafts won the most ?
What are the names of all the winning pilots ? What are the names of the aircrafts that they used ? What one of the aircrafts won the most ? List the name of the aircraft that has been named winning aircraft the most number of times.
How many aircrafts are there ?
How many aircrafts are there ? What are their names ?
How many aircrafts are there ? What are their names ? Which ones have won ?
How many aircrafts are there ? What are their names ? Which ones have won ? How any times have each won ?
How many aircrafts are there ? What are their names ? Which ones have won ? How any times have each won ? List the names of aircrafts and the number of times it won matches.
How many matches have taken place ?
How many matches have taken place ? How many of them have been won by the same aircraft ?
How many matches have taken place ? How many of them have been won by the same aircraft ? Which aircrafts ?
How many matches have taken place ? How many of them have been won by the same aircraft ? Which aircrafts ? List the names of aircrafts and that won matches at least twice.
What are all the aircraft names ?
What are all the aircraft names ? How many matches have each won ?
What are all the aircraft names ? How many matches have each won ? How about those that have not won any matches ?
What are all the aircraft names ? How many matches have each won ? How about those that have not won any matches ? List the names of aircrafts and that did not win any match.
What airports have `` London '' in its name ?
What airports have `` London '' in its name ? What aircraft names are associated with these airports ?
What airports have `` London '' in its name ? What aircraft names are associated with these airports ? Which ones are associated with an airport with `` London Heathrow ''
What airports have `` London '' in its name ? What aircraft names are associated with these airports ? Which ones are associated with an airport with `` London Heathrow '' Which of these aircrafts are also associated with an airport named `` London Gatwick ''
What airports have `` London '' in its name ? What aircraft names are associated with these airports ? Which ones are associated with an airport with `` London Heathrow '' Which of these aircrafts are also associated with an airport named `` London Gatwick '' Show the names of aircrafts that are associated with both an airport named "London Heathrow" and an airport named "London Gatwick"
What are the number of international passengers per airport ?
What are the number of international passengers per airport ? What are all the airport details with the minimum ?
What are the number of international passengers per airport ? What are all the airport details with the minimum ? With the maximum ?
What are the number of international passengers per airport ? What are all the airport details with the minimum ? With the maximum ? Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
How many pilots are under 30 ?
How many pilots are under 30 ? What are their names and ages ?
How many pilots are under 30 ? What are their names and ages ? How many times have they each won ?
How many pilots are under 30 ? What are their names and ages ? How many times have they each won ? Show me the name and age of the one that has won the most times .
How many pilots are under 30 ? What are their names and ages ? How many times have they each won ? Show me the name and age of the one that has won the most times . find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilots who are younger than 30.
Show all the information for all the pilots !
Show all the information for all the pilots ! Show me only the winning-pilots !
Show all the information for all the pilots ! Show me only the winning-pilots ! What is the name and age of the oldest one ?
Show all the information for all the pilots ! Show me only the winning-pilots ! What is the name and age of the oldest one ? How about the youngest one ?
Show all the information for all the pilots ! Show me only the winning-pilots ! What is the name and age of the oldest one ? How about the youngest one ? what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot?
Show all account information .
Show all account information . Show the ids for them .
Show all account information . Show the ids for them . Also show the account details .
Show all account information . Show the ids for them . Also show the account details . Show all account ids and account details.
Show the info for all statements .
Show the info for all statements . How many are there ?
Show the info for all statements . How many are there ? How many statements do we have?
Show info for all statements .
Show info for all statements . Show their ids and statement details .
Show info for all statements . Show their ids and statement details . List all statement ids and statement details.
Show the details of each account .
Show the details of each account . Also show the statement ids and statement details for them .
Show the details of each account . Also show the statement ids and statement details for them . Show statement id, statement detail, account detail for accounts.
Show the statement ids from all accounts .
Show the statement ids from all accounts . For each of them , also show the number of accounts .
Show the statement ids from all accounts . For each of them , also show the number of accounts . Show all statement id and the number of accounts for each statement.
Show the ids and details for statments .
Show the ids and details for statments . For each of them , also show the number of accounts .
Show the ids and details for statments . For each of them , also show the number of accounts . Sort the results in the descending order of the number of accounts .
Show the ids and details for statments . For each of them , also show the number of accounts . Sort the results in the descending order of the number of accounts . Show the id and details for the statment with the most accounts .
Show the ids and details for statments . For each of them , also show the number of accounts . Sort the results in the descending order of the number of accounts . Show the id and details for the statment with the most accounts . Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts.
Show information for all documents .
Show information for all documents . How many are there ?
Show information for all documents . How many are there ? Show the number of documents.
List the type codes , names , and descriptions for all documents .
List the type codes , names , and descriptions for all documents . How about for the document named 'Noel CV ' .
List the type codes , names , and descriptions for all documents . How about for the document named 'Noel CV ' . Also include results for the document named 'King Book ' .
List the type codes , names , and descriptions for all documents . How about for the document named 'Noel CV ' . Also include results for the document named 'King Book ' . List the document type code, document name, and document description for the document with name 'Noel CV' or name 'King Book'.
Show all information for documents .
Show all information for documents . Show just the ids .
Show all information for documents . Show just the ids . Also show their names .
Show all information for documents . Show just the ids . Also show their names . Show the ids and names of all documents.
Show all document names .
Show all document names . What are the names for the documents with type code BK ?
Show all document names . What are the names for the documents with type code BK ? Also find their ids .
Show all document names . What are the names for the documents with type code BK ? Also find their ids . Find names and ids of all documents with document type code BK.
Show the project id for documents .
Show the project id for documents . Show the ids only for the documents with type code BK .
Show the project id for documents . Show the ids only for the documents with type code BK . For each project id , show the number of such documents .
Show the project id for documents . Show the ids only for the documents with type code BK . For each project id , show the number of such documents . How many documents are with document type code BK for each product id?
Show the name and date for all documents .
Show the name and date for all documents . For those documents , also show their project details .
Show the name and date for all documents . For those documents , also show their project details . What are the names and dates for documents with 'Graph Database project ' as their details ?
Show the name and date for all documents . For those documents , also show their project details . What are the names and dates for documents with 'Graph Database project ' as their details ? Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project'.
Show the project id for the documents .
Show the project id for the documents . For each of id , count the number of documents .
Show the project id for the documents . For each of id , count the number of documents . Show project ids and the number of documents in each project.
Show the project id for all documents .
Show the project id for all documents . For each of them , count the number of documents .
Show the project id for all documents . For each of them , count the number of documents . Sort the ids by these counts .
Show the project id for all documents . For each of them , count the number of documents . Sort the ids by these counts . Which project id has the fewest ?
Show the project id for all documents . For each of them , count the number of documents . Sort the ids by these counts . Which project id has the fewest ? What is the id of the project with least number of documents?
Show the project ids for documents .
Show the project ids for documents . For each of them , also show the number of documents .
Show the project ids for documents . For each of them , also show the number of documents . Which of them have at least 2 documents ?
Show the project ids for documents . For each of them , also show the number of documents . Which of them have at least 2 documents ? Show the ids for projects with at least 2 documents.
Show the type code for all documents .
Show the type code for all documents . For each of these codes , also show the number of documents .
Show the type code for all documents . For each of these codes , also show the number of documents . List document type codes and the number of documents in each code.
Show the type codes for all documents .
Show the type codes for all documents . For each of the codes , count the number of documents .
Show the type codes for all documents . For each of the codes , count the number of documents . Which code has the most documents ?
Show the type codes for all documents . For each of the codes , count the number of documents . Which code has the most documents ? What is the document type code with most number of documents?
Show the type code for all documents .
Show the type code for all documents . For each of the codes , also count the number of documents .
Show the type code for all documents . For each of the codes , also count the number of documents . Which codes have fewer than 3 documents ?
Show the type code for all documents . For each of the codes , also count the number of documents . Which codes have fewer than 3 documents ? Show the document type code with fewer than 3 documents.
Show the details for all statements .
Show the details for all statements . Also show their corresponding document names .
Show the details for all statements . Also show their corresponding document names . Only show the results for the statement with detail 'Private Project ' .
Show the details for all statements . Also show their corresponding document names . Only show the results for the statement with detail 'Private Project ' . Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project'.
Show the type codes for all documents .
Show the type codes for all documents . Also show the document type names and descriptions .
Show the type codes for all documents . Also show the document type names and descriptions . Show all document type codes, document type names, document type descriptions.
Show the descriptions for all document types .
Show the descriptions for all document types . Only show the result for the document type `` Film '' .
Show the descriptions for all document types . Only show the result for the document type `` Film '' . What is the document type description for document type named Film?
What are the creation dates for all documents ?
What are the creation dates for all documents ? Also show their document type names and descriptions .
What are the creation dates for all documents ? Also show their document type names and descriptions . What is the document type name and the document type description and creation date for all the documents?
Show the information for all projects .
Show the information for all projects . How many are there ?
Show the information for all projects . How many are there ? Show the number of projects.
Show the id for all projects .
Show the id for all projects . Also show their details .
Show the id for all projects . Also show their details . List ids and details for all projects.
Show the ids and details for all projects .
Show the ids and details for all projects . For each of them , also show the number of documents .
Show the ids and details for all projects . For each of them , also show the number of documents . Which of them have at least two documents ?
Show the ids and details for all projects . For each of them , also show the number of documents . Which of them have at least two documents ? What is the project id and detail for the project with at least two documents?
What are all the details from projects ?
What are all the details from projects ? Also show the document names corresponding to the projects .
What are all the details from projects ? Also show the document names corresponding to the projects . Show those details only for projects with a document named `` King Book '' .
What are all the details from projects ? Also show the document names corresponding to the projects . Show those details only for projects with a document named `` King Book '' . What is the project detail for the project with document "King Book"?
Show the information for budget codes .
Show the information for budget codes . How many of them do we have ?
Show the information for budget codes . How many of them do we have ? How many budget types do we have?
List all budget type codes .
List all budget type codes . Add their descriptions .
List all budget type codes . Add their descriptions . List all budget type codes and descriptions.
What are the descriptions for the budget codes ?
What are the descriptions for the budget codes ? How about the description for the budget with code ORG ?
What are the descriptions for the budget codes ? How about the description for the budget with code ORG ? What is the description for the budget type with code ORG?
Show information for all documents with expenses .
Show information for all documents with expenses . How many are there ?
Show information for all documents with expenses . How many are there ? How many documents have expenses?
Show the ids for documents with expenses .
Show the ids for documents with expenses . Also show their budget type code .
Show the ids for documents with expenses . Also show their budget type code . What is the id for the documents with the budget type code 'SF ' ?
Show the ids for documents with expenses . Also show their budget type code . What is the id for the documents with the budget type code 'SF ' ? What are the document ids for the budget type code 'SF'?
Show the budget type code and description for all budget types .
Show the budget type code and description for all budget types . Also show the corresponding document ids for them .
Show the budget type code and description for all budget types . Also show the corresponding document ids for them . Show the budget type code and description and the corresponding document id.
Show ids for all documents .
Show ids for all documents . Also show their budget type descriptions .
Show ids for all documents . Also show their budget type descriptions . Show ids for those documents with budget types described as 'Government ' .
Show ids for all documents . Also show their budget type descriptions . Show ids for those documents with budget types described as 'Government ' . Show ids for all documents with budget types described as 'Government'.
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses .
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses . For each code , show the number of corresponding documents .
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses . For each code , show the number of corresponding documents . Show budget type codes and the number of documents in each budget type.
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses .
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses . For each code , show the number of documents .
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses . For each code , show the number of documents . Sort the codes in descending order of the count .
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses . For each code , show the number of documents . Sort the codes in descending order of the count . Which has the most ?
Show all the budget type codes for documents with expenses . For each code , show the number of documents . Sort the codes in descending order of the count . Which has the most ? What is the budget type code with most number of documents.
Show document ids with an expense budget .
Show document ids with an expense budget . Show all document ids .
Show document ids with an expense budget . Show all document ids . Among them , which documents do n't have expense budgets ?
Show document ids with an expense budget . Show all document ids . Among them , which documents do n't have expense budgets ? What are the ids of documents which don't have expense budgets?
Show all document ids with an expense budget .
Show all document ids with an expense budget . Show ids for all documents in type CV .
Show all document ids with an expense budget . Show ids for all documents in type CV . Which of them do n't have expense budgets ?
Show all document ids with an expense budget . Show ids for all documents in type CV . Which of them do n't have expense budgets ? Show ids for all documents in type CV without expense budgets.
Show ids for all documents .
Show ids for all documents . How about those with the letter 's ' in the name ?
Show ids for all documents . How about those with the letter 's ' in the name ? Which of them have any expense budgets .
Show ids for all documents . How about those with the letter 's ' in the name ? Which of them have any expense budgets . What are the ids of documents with letter 's' in the name with any expense budgets.
Show the ids of documents with expenses .
Show the ids of documents with expenses . Show ids for those which do n't .
Show the ids of documents with expenses . Show ids for those which do n't . How many of such documents are there ?
Show the ids of documents with expenses . Show ids for those which do n't . How many of such documents are there ? How many documents do not have any expense?
What are the dates of all documents ?
What are the dates of all documents ? What about those with 'GV ' type expenses ?
What are the dates of all documents ? What about those with 'GV ' type expenses ? What about those with 'SF ' type expenses ?
What are the dates of all documents ? What about those with 'GV ' type expenses ? What about those with 'SF ' type expenses ? Show the dates for the documents with both types .
What are the dates of all documents ? What about those with 'GV ' type expenses ? What about those with 'SF ' type expenses ? Show the dates for the documents with both types . What are the dates for the documents with both 'GV' type and 'SF' type expenses?
show the name and revenue of all companies .
show the name and revenue of all companies . what is their average revenue ?
show the name and revenue of all companies . what is their average revenue ? please return maximum and total revenues too .
show the name and revenue of all companies . what is their average revenue ? please return maximum and total revenues too . What are the average, maximum and total revenues of all companies?
find the names of manufactures that are based in Tokyo .
find the names of manufactures that are based in Tokyo . how about in Beijing ?
find the names of manufactures that are based in Tokyo . how about in Beijing ? what is the total number of companies based in these two places ?
find the names of manufactures that are based in Tokyo . how about in Beijing ? what is the total number of companies based in these two places ? Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing.
list the names of all manufacturers .
list the names of all manufacturers . show the names of manufacturers that begin with the letter 'S ' .
list the names of all manufacturers . show the names of manufacturers that begin with the letter 'S ' . who are their founders ?
list the names of all manufacturers . show the names of manufacturers that begin with the letter 'S ' . who are their founders ? Find the founder of the company whose name begins with the letter 'S'.
find the names of companies whose main office is in Tokyo .
find the names of companies whose main office is in Tokyo . What is the total revenue of these companies ?
find the names of companies whose main office is in Tokyo . What is the total revenue of these companies ? add the revenue of Taiwan companies too .
find the names of companies whose main office is in Tokyo . What is the total revenue of these companies ? add the revenue of Taiwan companies too . What is the total revenue of all companies whose main office is at Tokyo or Taiwan?
list the names of all of the products .
list the names of all of the products . which products are produced by the company Creative Labs ?
list the names of all of the products . which products are produced by the company Creative Labs ? among them , find the products that Sony also produces .
list the names of all of the products . which products are produced by the company Creative Labs ? among them , find the products that Sony also produces . Find the name of product that is produced by both companies Creative Labs and Sony.
find the name of the company that earned the least revenue .
find the name of the company that earned the least revenue . show its headquarter location and founder too .
find the name of the company that earned the least revenue . show its headquarter location and founder too . what is the info for the company with the highest revenue ?
find the name of the company that earned the least revenue . show its headquarter location and founder too . what is the info for the company with the highest revenue ? Find the name, headquarter and founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue.
how many companies are there ?
how many companies are there ? What is their average revenue ?
how many companies are there ? What is their average revenue ? Find the names of companies whose revenue is greater than the average .
how many companies are there ? What is their average revenue ? Find the names of companies whose revenue is greater than the average . Find the name of companies whose revenue is greater than the average revenue of all companies.
how many companies are based in Austin ?
how many companies are based in Austin ? show their revenues
how many companies are based in Austin ? show their revenues Find the names of companies whose revenue is smaller than all of those revenues .
how many companies are based in Austin ? show their revenues Find the names of companies whose revenue is smaller than all of those revenues . Find the name of companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin.
what are the names of the companies based in Austin ?
what are the names of the companies based in Austin ? find the names of companies whose revenue is larger than the largest revenue of those companies .
what are the names of the companies based in Austin ? find the names of companies whose revenue is larger than the largest revenue of those companies . return the total revenue of the resulting companies .
what are the names of the companies based in Austin ? find the names of companies whose revenue is larger than the largest revenue of those companies . return the total revenue of the resulting companies . Find the total revenue of companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of some companies based in Austin.
find the number of all products from each manufacture . list each company 's name .
find the number of all products from each manufacture . list each company 's name . show the average price of each companys products .
find the number of all products from each manufacture . list each company 's name . show the average price of each companys products . Find the average prices of all products from each manufacture, and list each company's name.
how many different headquarter cities are there ?
how many different headquarter cities are there ? Find the number of different products that are from companies at each headquarter .
how many different headquarter cities are there ? Find the number of different products that are from companies at each headquarter . Find the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities.
find the name of all products .
find the name of all products . which of them does Sony make .
find the name of all products . which of them does Sony make . Find the number of products that Sony does not make .
find the name of all products . which of them does Sony make . Find the number of products that Sony does not make . Find number of products which Sony does not make.
Find the names of companies that produce DVD drives .
Find the names of companies that produce DVD drives . how about the companies that do not make them ?
Find the names of companies that produce DVD drives . how about the companies that do not make them ? Find the name of companies that do not make DVD drive.
how many products are in the record ?
how many products are in the record ? find the number for each manufacturer , showing the name of each company .
how many products are in the record ? find the number for each manufacturer , showing the name of each company . Find the number of products for each manufacturer, showing the name of each company.
Select the name of all products .
Select the name of all products . which one is the most expensive ?
Select the name of all products . which one is the most expensive ? also show its price .
Select the name of all products . which one is the most expensive ? also show its price . how about the products with a price larger than or equal to 180 ?
Select the name of all products . which one is the most expensive ? also show its price . how about the products with a price larger than or equal to 180 ? sort the result by price ( in descending order ) .
Select the name of all products . which one is the most expensive ? also show its price . how about the products with a price larger than or equal to 180 ? sort the result by price ( in descending order ) . then order by name ( in ascending order ) .
Select the name of all products . which one is the most expensive ? also show its price . how about the products with a price larger than or equal to 180 ? sort the result by price ( in descending order ) . then order by name ( in ascending order ) . Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to 180, and sort first by price (in descending order), and then by name  (in ascending order).
Show the names of all manufacturers .
Show the names of all manufacturers . how many products do each of them produce ?
Show the names of all manufacturers . how many products do each of them produce ? what are their average prices ?
Show the names of all manufacturers . how many products do each of them produce ? what are their average prices ? Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing the manufacturer's name.
find the name of products with a price higher than or equal to $ 150 .
find the name of products with a price higher than or equal to $ 150 . what are the names of manufacturers that produce these products ?
find the name of products with a price higher than or equal to $ 150 . what are the names of manufacturers that produce these products ? Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $ 150 .
find the name of products with a price higher than or equal to $ 150 . what are the names of manufacturers that produce these products ? Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $ 150 . Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $150.
what is the name of the most expensive product ?
what is the name of the most expensive product ? how about the cheapest product ?
what is the name of the most expensive product ? how about the cheapest product ? show its price as well .
what is the name of the most expensive product ? how about the cheapest product ? show its price as well . Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
show all different countries that have airports in the record .
show all different countries that have airports in the record . could you please list the names of airports in Cuba ?
show all different countries that have airports in the record . could you please list the names of airports in Cuba ? also list Argentina 's airports .
show all different countries that have airports in the record . could you please list the names of airports in Cuba ? also list Argentina 's airports . Find the name of the airports located in Cuba or Argentina.
what are all of the airline names ?
what are all of the airline names ? which of them start with 'Orbit ' ?
what are all of the airline names ? which of them start with 'Orbit ' ? how many are there ?
what are all of the airline names ? which of them start with 'Orbit ' ? how many are there ? Find the country of these airlines .
what are all of the airline names ? which of them start with 'Orbit ' ? how many are there ? Find the country of these airlines . Find the country of the airlines whose name starts with 'Orbit'.
how many airports are there ?
how many airports are there ? which airport has the lowest elevation ?
how many airports are there ? which airport has the lowest elevation ? how about the one with the highest elevation ?
how many airports are there ? which airport has the lowest elevation ? how about the one with the highest elevation ? which country is it located in ?
how many airports are there ? which airport has the lowest elevation ? how about the one with the highest elevation ? which country is it located in ? Which country is the airport that has the highest altitude located in?
please show all airport names .
please show all airport names . what is the total number of airports ?
please show all airport names . what is the total number of airports ? among them , how many contain the word 'International ' in their name ?
please show all airport names . what is the total number of airports ? among them , how many contain the word 'International ' in their name ? Find the number of airports whose name contain the word 'International'.
what is the icao code for American Airlines ?
what is the icao code for American Airlines ? which routes are operated by American Airlines ?
what is the icao code for American Airlines ? which routes are operated by American Airlines ? please count the number of routes .
what is the icao code for American Airlines ? which routes are operated by American Airlines ? please count the number of routes . Find the number of routes operated by American Airlines.
how many airports does each country have ?
how many airports does each country have ? how many does Canada have ?
how many airports does each country have ? how many does Canada have ? what is the total number of routes that end there ?
how many airports does each country have ? how many does Canada have ? what is the total number of routes that end there ? Find the number of routes whose destination airports are in Canada.
what is the lowest elevation of all airports ?
what is the lowest elevation of all airports ? what is the name of that airport ?
what is the lowest elevation of all airports ? what is the name of that airport ? also show the city and country where it is located .
what is the lowest elevation of all airports ? what is the name of that airport ? also show the city and country where it is located . Find the name, city, and country of the airport that has the lowest altitude.
what is the average elevation of all airports ?
what is the average elevation of all airports ? order the airport info by latitude from highest to lowest .
what is the average elevation of all airports ? order the airport info by latitude from highest to lowest . just show name , city , and country of the highest one .
what is the average elevation of all airports ? order the airport info by latitude from highest to lowest . just show name , city , and country of the highest one . Find the name, city, and country of the airport that has the highest latitude.
how many routes are there ?
how many routes are there ? find the number of routes for each destination .
how many routes are there ? find the number of routes for each destination . what is the name and city of the destination airport that has the most routes ending there ?
how many routes are there ? find the number of routes for each destination . what is the name and city of the destination airport that has the most routes ending there ? Find the name and city of the airport which is the destination of the most number of routes.
Provide the names of all airlines .
Provide the names of all airlines . Find the number of routes provided by each airline . Show airline name .
Provide the names of all airlines . Find the number of routes provided by each airline . Show airline name . which airline operates the most routes ?
Provide the names of all airlines . Find the number of routes provided by each airline . Show airline name . which airline operates the most routes ? what are the top 10 airlines ?
Provide the names of all airlines . Find the number of routes provided by each airline . Show airline name . which airline operates the most routes ? what are the top 10 airlines ? Find the names of the top 10 airlines that operate the most number of routes.
Show the name and city of all airports .
Show the name and city of all airports . Show the number of flight routes for each of them as a source airport .
Show the name and city of all airports . Show the number of flight routes for each of them as a source airport . which of them has the most routes ?
Show the name and city of all airports . Show the number of flight routes for each of them as a source airport . which of them has the most routes ? Find the name and city of the airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes.
how many routes does American Airlines have ?
how many routes does American Airlines have ? How many destinations do these routes go to ?
how many routes does American Airlines have ? How many destinations do these routes go to ? Find the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines.
how many countries have airlines ?
how many countries have airlines ? how many airlines does each country have ?
how many countries have airlines ? how many airlines does each country have ? show the one that has the most .
how many countries have airlines ? how many airlines does each country have ? show the one that has the most . Which countries has the most number of airlines?
what are the different active codes ?
what are the different active codes ? show the name of airlines whose active status is 'Y ' .
what are the different active codes ? show the name of airlines whose active status is 'Y ' . Which country has the largest number of these airlines ?
what are the different active codes ? show the name of airlines whose active status is 'Y ' . Which country has the largest number of these airlines ? Which countries has the most number of airlines whose active status is 'Y'?
List all countries and the number of airlines for each one .
List all countries and the number of airlines for each one . list them in ascending order of number of airlines .
List all countries and the number of airlines for each one . list them in ascending order of number of airlines . list in descending order .
List all countries and the number of airlines for each one . list them in ascending order of number of airlines . list in descending order . List all countries and their number of airlines in the descending order of number of airlines.
how many airports are in the record ?
how many airports are in the record ? how many airports are in each country ?
how many airports are in the record ? how many airports are in each country ? order them by number of airports in decreasing order .
how many airports are in the record ? how many airports are in each country ? order them by number of airports in decreasing order . How many airports are there per country? Order the countries by decreasing number of airports.
how many airports does the US has ?
how many airports does the US has ? what is the number of airports in each city in the US ?
how many airports does the US has ? what is the number of airports in each city in the US ? Order the cities by decreasing number of airports .
how many airports does the US has ? what is the number of airports in each city in the US ? Order the cities by decreasing number of airports . How many airports are there per city in the United States? Order the cities by decreasing number of airports.
show all cities that have an airport .
show all cities that have an airport . which of them are in the United States ?
show all cities that have an airport . which of them are in the United States ? just show cities that have more than 2 airports .
show all cities that have an airport . which of them are in the United States ? just show cities that have more than 2 airports . how about more than 3 ?
show all cities that have an airport . which of them are in the United States ? just show cities that have more than 2 airports . how about more than 3 ? Return the cities with more than 3 airports in the United States.
which cities have more than 3 airports ?
which cities have more than 3 airports ? how many are there ?
which cities have more than 3 airports ? how many are there ? How many cities are there that have more than 3 airports?
list all cities .
list all cities . how many airports does each city have ?
list all cities . how many airports does each city have ? just show cities that have more than one airport .
list all cities . how many airports does each city have ? just show cities that have more than one airport . include the number of airports per city .
list all cities . how many airports does each city have ? just show cities that have more than one airport . include the number of airports per city . List the cities which have more than one airport and number of airports.
how many cities have more than 2 airports ?
how many cities have more than 2 airports ? what are these cities ?
how many cities have more than 2 airports ? what are these cities ? sort the results by the number of airports .
how many cities have more than 2 airports ? what are these cities ? sort the results by the number of airports . List the cities which have more than 2 airports sorted by the number of airports.
list the names of all airports .
list the names of all airports . also list the number of routes that list them as the source airport .
list the names of all airports . also list the number of routes that list them as the source airport . Find the number of routes for each source airport and the airport name.
how many routes are there ?
how many routes are there ? what are their source airports ? List airport names .
how many routes are there ? what are their source airports ? List airport names . For each of those airports , how many routes does it have ?
how many routes are there ? what are their source airports ? List airport names . For each of those airports , how many routes does it have ? order the result by decreasing number of routes
how many routes are there ? what are their source airports ? List airport names . For each of those airports , how many routes does it have ? order the result by decreasing number of routes Find the number of routes and airport name for each source airport, order the results by decreasing number of routes.
which cities have more than one airport ?
which cities have more than one airport ? ok , which of them have exactly two ?
which cities have more than one airport ? ok , which of them have exactly two ? Find the cities which have exactly two airports.
how many routes are there ?
how many routes are there ? please list the number of routes for each country and airline .
how many routes are there ? please list the number of routes for each country and airline . For each country and airline name, how many routes are there?
how many airports are in Italy ?
how many airports are in Italy ? show the info of routes listing those airports as destinations .
how many airports are in Italy ? show the info of routes listing those airports as destinations . count the total number .
how many airports are in Italy ? show the info of routes listing those airports as destinations . count the total number . Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy.
how many routes are operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines ' .
how many routes are operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines ' . how many of them list the US as the destination ?
how many routes are operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines ' . how many of them list the US as the destination ? how about for Italy ?
how many routes are operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines ' . how many of them list the US as the destination ? how about for Italy ? Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines'.
which city is John F Kennedy International Airport located in ?
which city is John F Kennedy International Airport located in ? which routes list it as a destination airport ?
which city is John F Kennedy International Airport located in ? which routes list it as a destination airport ? how many of those routes are there ?
which city is John F Kennedy International Airport located in ? which routes list it as a destination airport ? how many of those routes are there ? Find the number of routes that list John F Kennedy International Airport as a destination.
Find the number of routes from the United States .
Find the number of routes from the United States . how many of them end up in Canada ?
Find the number of routes from the United States . how many of them end up in Canada ? Find the number of routes from the United States to Canada.
how many routes end in the United States ?
how many routes end in the United States ? among them , how many fly from the United States ?
how many routes end in the United States ? among them , how many fly from the United States ? what are their ids ?
how many routes end in the United States ? among them , how many fly from the United States ? what are their ids ? Find the id of routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States.
show info of all airlines .
show info of all airlines . find the number of routes for each airline . Show their names .
show info of all airlines . find the number of routes for each airline . Show their names . which airline has the most routes ?
show info of all airlines . find the number of routes for each airline . Show their names . which airline has the most routes ? Find the name of airline which runs the most number of routes.
show all airports in China .
show all airports in China . which one is listed as the source airport of the most routes ?
show all airports in China . which one is listed as the source airport of the most routes ? Find the busiest source airport that runs most number of routes in China.
Show me all the information from invoices !
Show me all the information from invoices ! What is the country with the least number of invoices ?
Show me all the information from invoices ! What is the country with the least number of invoices ? How about the one with the most !
Show me all the information from invoices ! What is the country with the least number of invoices ? How about the one with the most ! How about the top 5 ?
Show me all the information from invoices ! What is the country with the least number of invoices ? How about the one with the most ! How about the top 5 ? A list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices. List country name and number of invoices.
Show me the number of invoices by country !
Show me the number of invoices by country ! What is the total invoice for each !
Show me the number of invoices by country ! What is the total invoice for each ! Can you show me this sorted from greatest to least by total invoice size !
Show me the number of invoices by country ! What is the total invoice for each ! Can you show me this sorted from greatest to least by total invoice size ! Now , show me just the billing country and total for the top 8 !
Show me the number of invoices by country ! What is the total invoice for each ! Can you show me this sorted from greatest to least by total invoice size ! Now , show me just the billing country and total for the top 8 ! A list of the top 8 countries by gross/total invoice size. List country name and gross invoice size.
Can you show me the total invoice size per country !
Can you show me the total invoice size per country ! Instead , display the average per country !
Can you show me the total invoice size per country ! Instead , display the average per country ! Just , show the top 15 by average invoice size .
Can you show me the total invoice size per country ! Instead , display the average per country ! Just , show the top 15 by average invoice size . Actually , just list the top 10 !
Can you show me the total invoice size per country ! Instead , display the average per country ! Just , show the top 15 by average invoice size . Actually , just list the top 10 ! A list of the top 10 countries by average invoice size. List country name and average invoice size.
Show all the ids , customer ids , and invoice dates from invoices .
Show all the ids , customer ids , and invoice dates from invoices . Could you show me them in order of most recently purchased ?
Show all the ids , customer ids , and invoice dates from invoices . Could you show me them in order of most recently purchased ? Also include the customer names of each purchase ! !
Show all the ids , customer ids , and invoice dates from invoices . Could you show me them in order of most recently purchased ? Also include the customer names of each purchase ! ! Show just the first name and last names of the 5 most recent purchases .
Show all the ids , customer ids , and invoice dates from invoices . Could you show me them in order of most recently purchased ? Also include the customer names of each purchase ! ! Show just the first name and last names of the 5 most recent purchases . Find out 5 customers who most recently purchased something. List customers' first and last name.
How many orders have each customer created by customer name ?
How many orders have each customer created by customer name ? Show the entry with the lowest ?
How many orders have each customer created by customer name ? Show the entry with the lowest ? How about the highest !
How many orders have each customer created by customer name ? Show the entry with the lowest ? How about the highest ! How about the top 10 !
How many orders have each customer created by customer name ? Show the entry with the lowest ? How about the highest ! How about the top 10 ! Find out the top 10 customers by total number of orders. List customers' first and last name and the number of total orders.
Show all the customer ids , and names !
Show all the customer ids , and names ! How any invoices do each of them have ?
Show all the customer ids , and names ! How any invoices do each of them have ? What are their total gross sales ?
Show all the customer ids , and names ! How any invoices do each of them have ? What are their total gross sales ? Show just the names of the customers , and their total gross sales for the top 10 in gross sales !
Show all the customer ids , and names ! How any invoices do each of them have ? What are their total gross sales ? Show just the names of the customers , and their total gross sales for the top 10 in gross sales ! List the top 10 customers by total gross sales. List customers' first and last name and total gross sales.
How many tracks are there ?
How many tracks are there ? What are the names , composers , and genre names of each ?
How many tracks are there ? What are the names , composers , and genre names of each ? Show how many tracks there are per genre !
How many tracks are there ? What are the names , composers , and genre names of each ? Show how many tracks there are per genre ! Show the genre names , and number of tracks of the top 5 by number of tracks !
How many tracks are there ? What are the names , composers , and genre names of each ? Show how many tracks there are per genre ! Show the genre names , and number of tracks of the top 5 by number of tracks ! List the top 5 genres by number of tracks. List genres name and total tracks.
What are all the albums titles ?
What are all the albums titles ? Which ones start with A ?
What are all the albums titles ? Which ones start with A ? Can you order them in alphabetical order ?
What are all the albums titles ? Which ones start with A ? Can you order them in alphabetical order ? List every album whose title starts with A in alphabetical order.
What are the invoices of each customer ?
What are the invoices of each customer ? Show me the names of the customers with the top 15 totals !
What are the invoices of each customer ? Show me the names of the customers with the top 15 totals ! How about the bottom 15 !
What are the invoices of each customer ? Show me the names of the customers with the top 15 totals ! How about the bottom 15 ! How about the bottom 10 !
What are the invoices of each customer ? Show me the names of the customers with the top 15 totals ! How about the bottom 15 ! How about the bottom 10 ! List the customers first and last name of 10 least expensive invoices.
What are the different cities , and states that have invoices ?
What are the different cities , and states that have invoices ? What are the number of invoices for each city and state ?
What are the different cities , and states that have invoices ? What are the number of invoices for each city and state ? Also provide the total invoice !
What are the different cities , and states that have invoices ? What are the number of invoices for each city and state ? Also provide the total invoice ! Can you how just the total invoice for the city Chicago in state IL ?
What are the different cities , and states that have invoices ? What are the number of invoices for each city and state ? Also provide the total invoice ! Can you how just the total invoice for the city Chicago in state IL ? List total amount of  invoice from Chicago, IL.
Show all the invoices for the city Chicago in the state Illinois !
Show all the invoices for the city Chicago in the state Illinois ! What is the total invoice ?
Show all the invoices for the city Chicago in the state Illinois ! What is the total invoice ? How about the number of different customers ?
Show all the invoices for the city Chicago in the state Illinois ! What is the total invoice ? How about the number of different customers ? How about the number of invoices ?
Show all the invoices for the city Chicago in the state Illinois ! What is the total invoice ? How about the number of different customers ? How about the number of invoices ? List the number of invoices from Chicago, IL.
Show me all the ids , country and states for all the invoices !
Show me all the ids , country and states for all the invoices ! Show me only those from the US ?
Show me all the ids , country and states for all the invoices ! Show me only those from the US ? What are the different states these comes from ?
Show me all the ids , country and states for all the invoices ! Show me only those from the US ? What are the different states these comes from ? How many USA invoices are from each of them !
Show me all the ids , country and states for all the invoices ! Show me only those from the US ? What are the different states these comes from ? How many USA invoices are from each of them ! List the number of invoices from the US, grouped by state.
What are the different states in the US that have invoices ?
What are the different states in the US that have invoices ? Which one has the least number of invoices ?
What are the different states in the US that have invoices ? Which one has the least number of invoices ? How about the most ?
What are the different states in the US that have invoices ? Which one has the least number of invoices ? How about the most ? List the state in the US with the most invoices.
Show me all the information about the invoices in California !
Show me all the information about the invoices in California ! Actually just show the billing_state , billing_city , and billing_country .
Show me all the information about the invoices in California ! Actually just show the billing_state , billing_city , and billing_country . Can you show the billing_state and the total invoice of these ?
Show me all the information about the invoices in California ! Actually just show the billing_state , billing_city , and billing_country . Can you show the billing_state and the total invoice of these ? Also provide the number of invoices .
Show me all the information about the invoices in California ! Actually just show the billing_state , billing_city , and billing_country . Can you show the billing_state and the total invoice of these ? Also provide the number of invoices . List the number of invoices and the invoice total from California.
How many different albums are there ?
How many different albums are there ? What are the titles of the albums ?
How many different albums are there ? What are the titles of the albums ? What are the names of the artists for each !
How many different albums are there ? What are the titles of the albums ? What are the names of the artists for each ! Show me only the album titles by the artist named Aerosmith !
How many different albums are there ? What are the titles of the albums ? What are the names of the artists for each ! Show me only the album titles by the artist named Aerosmith ! List Aerosmith's albums.
How many albums are there ?
How many albums are there ? What are they ?
How many albums are there ? What are they ? Which ones are made by Billy Cobham ?
How many albums are there ? What are they ? Which ones are made by Billy Cobham ? How many are there ?
How many albums are there ? What are they ? Which ones are made by Billy Cobham ? How many are there ? How many albums does Billy Cobham has?
How many customers have the first name Eduardo and last name Martins ?
How many customers have the first name Eduardo and last name Martins ? Show me all his customer information !
How many customers have the first name Eduardo and last name Martins ? Show me all his customer information ! Just show the company !
How many customers have the first name Eduardo and last name Martins ? Show me all his customer information ! Just show the company ! Eduardo Martins is a customer at which company?
Show me the id of customer with first name Astrid , and last name Gruber !
Show me the id of customer with first name Astrid , and last name Gruber ! What is her address ?
Show me the id of customer with first name Astrid , and last name Gruber ! What is her address ? How about her company ?
Show me the id of customer with first name Astrid , and last name Gruber ! What is her address ? How about her company ? Just show me her email and phone number ?
Show me the id of customer with first name Astrid , and last name Gruber ! What is her address ? How about her company ? Just show me her email and phone number ? What is Astrid Gruber's email and phone number?
How many different countries are the customers from ?
How many different countries are the customers from ? What are they ?
How many different countries are the customers from ? What are they ? Show the customer names for each !
How many different countries are the customers from ? What are they ? Show the customer names for each ! Which country has name Roberto Almeida ?
How many different countries are the customers from ? What are they ? Show the customer names for each ! Which country has name Roberto Almeida ? What country does Roberto Almeida live?
How many different artists are there ?
How many different artists are there ? What are their names ?
How many different artists are there ? What are their names ? Show all the album titles for the one named Led !
How many different artists are there ? What are their names ? Show all the album titles for the one named Led ! List the name of albums that are released by artist whose name has 'Led'
What is the title of the employee with first name Steve and last name Johnson ?
What is the title of the employee with first name Steve and last name Johnson ? Who does he report to ?
What is the title of the employee with first name Steve and last name Johnson ? Who does he report to ? What customers does he support ?
What is the title of the employee with first name Steve and last name Johnson ? Who does he report to ? What customers does he support ? How many are there ?
What is the title of the employee with first name Steve and last name Johnson ? Who does he report to ? What customers does he support ? How many are there ? How many customers does Steve Johnson support?
Tell me the phone number and email of employee named Nancy Edwards ?
Tell me the phone number and email of employee named Nancy Edwards ? What is her birth date ?
Tell me the phone number and email of employee named Nancy Edwards ? What is her birth date ? How about her address ?
Tell me the phone number and email of employee named Nancy Edwards ? What is her birth date ? How about her address ? Show her title , phone number , and hire date !
Tell me the phone number and email of employee named Nancy Edwards ? What is her birth date ? How about her address ? Show her title , phone number , and hire date ! What is the title, phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards?
What is the title of Nancy Edwards ?
What is the title of Nancy Edwards ? Who does she report to ?
What is the title of Nancy Edwards ? Who does she report to ? How many report to her ?
What is the title of Nancy Edwards ? Who does she report to ? How many report to her ? What are their names ?
What is the title of Nancy Edwards ? Who does she report to ? How many report to her ? What are their names ? find the full name of employees who report to Nancy Edwards?
Show all the employee ids and addresses !
Show all the employee ids and addresses ! Order by country , state , and city !
Show all the employee ids and addresses ! Order by country , state , and city ! Also provide employee name !
Show all the employee ids and addresses ! Order by country , state , and city ! Also provide employee name ! Just show the address of customer named Nancy Edwards !
Show all the employee ids and addresses ! Order by country , state , and city ! Also provide employee name ! Just show the address of customer named Nancy Edwards ! What is the address of employee Nancy Edwards?
Who are the employees that actually support customers ?
Who are the employees that actually support customers ? How about the most ?
Who are the employees that actually support customers ? How about the most ? What is the name of the employee that supports this many !
Who are the employees that actually support customers ? How about the most ? What is the name of the employee that supports this many ! Find the full name of employee who supported the most number of customers.
Show the employee information on employee with name Nancy Edwards !
Show the employee information on employee with name Nancy Edwards ! Show just her email !
Show the employee information on employee with name Nancy Edwards ! Show just her email ! Actually show just her phone !
Show the employee information on employee with name Nancy Edwards ! Show just her email ! Actually show just her phone ! What is employee Nancy Edwards's phone number?
Show all the employe information ordered by oldest to youngest !
Show all the employe information ordered by oldest to youngest ! Just show the birthdate of the oldest !
Show all the employe information ordered by oldest to youngest ! Just show the birthdate of the oldest ! How about that of the youngest !
Show all the employe information ordered by oldest to youngest ! Just show the birthdate of the oldest ! How about that of the youngest ! What is the youngest 's name ?
Show all the employe information ordered by oldest to youngest ! Just show the birthdate of the oldest ! How about that of the youngest ! What is the youngest 's name ? Who is the youngest employee in the company? List employee's first and last name.
What is the name of the most recent employee ?
What is the name of the most recent employee ? How about the first employee ?
What is the name of the most recent employee ? How about the first employee ? How about the most recent 10 most recent employees ?
What is the name of the most recent employee ? How about the first employee ? How about the most recent 10 most recent employees ? List first 10 employees !
What is the name of the most recent employee ? How about the first employee ? How about the most recent 10 most recent employees ? List first 10 employees ! List top 10 employee work longest in the company. List employee's first and last name.
Show all the different cities that employees are from .
Show all the different cities that employees are from . How many are from each one !
Show all the different cities that employees are from . How many are from each one ! How many are of the title Sales Support Agent ?
Show all the different cities that employees are from . How many are from each one ! How many are of the title Sales Support Agent ? How about IT Staff ?
Show all the different cities that employees are from . How many are from each one ! How many are of the title Sales Support Agent ? How about IT Staff ? Find the number of employees whose title is IT Staff from each city?
What are the name of the employees that do not manage any other employees ?
What are the name of the employees that do not manage any other employees ? Show me all the names of all the others !
What are the name of the employees that do not manage any other employees ? Show me all the names of all the others ! Who manages the max number of people ?
What are the name of the employees that do not manage any other employees ? Show me all the names of all the others ! Who manages the max number of people ? Also provide the number of people managed !
What are the name of the employees that do not manage any other employees ? Show me all the names of all the others ! Who manages the max number of people ? Also provide the number of people managed ! Which employee manage most number of peoples? List employee's first and last name, and number of people report to that employee.
For all the invoices , show the invoice ids and customer ids !
For all the invoices , show the invoice ids and customer ids ! How many have each customer ordered !
For all the invoices , show the invoice ids and customer ids ! How many have each customer ordered ! Show their names for each !
For all the invoices , show the invoice ids and customer ids ! How many have each customer ordered ! Show their names for each ! Show the number for customer named Lucas Mancini !
For all the invoices , show the invoice ids and customer ids ! How many have each customer ordered ! Show their names for each ! Show the number for customer named Lucas Mancini ! How many orders does Lucas Mancini has?
Show the number of orders for each customer name !
Show the number of orders for each customer name ! Also include the total amount each has spent !
Show the number of orders for each customer name ! Also include the total amount each has spent ! Show the entry for customer named Lucas Mancini .
Show the number of orders for each customer name ! Also include the total amount each has spent ! Show the entry for customer named Lucas Mancini . Actually , just show the total amount of money !
Show the number of orders for each customer name ! Also include the total amount each has spent ! Show the entry for customer named Lucas Mancini . Actually , just show the total amount of money ! What is the total amount of money spent by Lucas Mancini?
For each track , show the track name and album name !
For each track , show the track name and album name ! Also include the genre name !
For each track , show the track name and album name ! Also include the genre name ! Show just the ones of the genre named Rock !
For each track , show the track name and album name ! Also include the genre name ! Show just the ones of the genre named Rock ! Show just the track names !
For each track , show the track name and album name ! Also include the genre name ! Show just the ones of the genre named Rock ! Show just the track names ! What is the name of tracks whose genre is Rock?
Who is the composer for track named `` Balls to the Wall '' ;
Who is the composer for track named `` Balls to the Wall '' ; How long is it ?
Who is the composer for track named `` Balls to the Wall '' ; How long is it ? How about its price ?
Who is the composer for track named `` Balls to the Wall '' ; How long is it ? How about its price ? the title of the album it belongs to ?
Who is the composer for track named `` Balls to the Wall '' ; How long is it ? How about its price ? the title of the album it belongs to ? What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belongs to?
What are all the album names and respective track names ?
What are all the album names and respective track names ? Show them ordered by album name !
What are all the album names and respective track names ? Show them ordered by album name ! Show just the track names for album called `` Balls to the Wall ''
What are all the album names and respective track names ? Show them ordered by album name ! Show just the track names for album called `` Balls to the Wall '' List name of all tracks in Balls to the Wall.
How many have greater than 5 ?
How many have greater than 5 ? greater than 10 ?
How many have greater than 5 ? greater than 10 ? What are their titles ?
How many have greater than 5 ? greater than 10 ? What are their titles ? List title of albums have the number of tracks greater than 10.
Show me all the tracks names and their media types !
Show me all the tracks names and their media types ! Which ones are MPEG files ?
Show me all the tracks names and their media types ! Which ones are MPEG files ? Also provide the genres for each of these ! !
Show me all the tracks names and their media types ! Which ones are MPEG files ? Also provide the genres for each of these ! ! Which names of the ones are in the genre Rock ?
Show me all the tracks names and their media types ! Which ones are MPEG files ? Also provide the genres for each of these ! ! Which names of the ones are in the genre Rock ? List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock and whose media type is MPEG audio file.
Show the names of each track and their genre names !
Show the names of each track and their genre names ! Show me the names of the tracks that are in the genre Rock !
Show the names of each track and their genre names ! Show me the names of the tracks that are in the genre Rock ! Show me any names of tracks whose media type is an MPEG audio file !
Show the names of each track and their genre names ! Show me the names of the tracks that are in the genre Rock ! Show me any names of tracks whose media type is an MPEG audio file ! Can you show a list of both of these names ?
Show the names of each track and their genre names ! Show me the names of the tracks that are in the genre Rock ! Show me any names of tracks whose media type is an MPEG audio file ! Can you show a list of both of these names ? List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or media type is MPEG audio file.
What genre names for each track by track name !
What genre names for each track by track name ! Show us all the tracks that belong to genre Rock .
What genre names for each track by track name ! Show us all the tracks that belong to genre Rock . How about those that belong to genre Jazz .
What genre names for each track by track name ! Show us all the tracks that belong to genre Rock . How about those that belong to genre Jazz . Which ones belong to either one ?
What genre names for each track by track name ! Show us all the tracks that belong to genre Rock . How about those that belong to genre Jazz . Which ones belong to either one ? List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or genre Jazz.
How many tracks are there ?
How many tracks are there ? How many are in a playlist of a Movie ?
How many tracks are there ? How many are in a playlist of a Movie ? Which ones ?
How many tracks are there ? How many are in a playlist of a Movie ? Which ones ? List the name of all tracks in the playlists of Movies.
What are the names of all the playlist ?
What are the names of all the playlist ? For each , what are the names of their tracks ?
What are the names of all the playlist ? For each , what are the names of their tracks ? For each playlist name , count the number of tracks !
What are the names of all the playlist ? For each , what are the names of their tracks ? For each playlist name , count the number of tracks ! Show the only the names of the playlists with more than 100 !
What are the names of all the playlist ? For each , what are the names of their tracks ? For each playlist name , count the number of tracks ! Show the only the names of the playlists with more than 100 ! List the name of playlist which has number of tracks greater than 100.
Show me the customer information about a customer named Daan Peeters .
Show me the customer information about a customer named Daan Peeters . How many invoices has he had ?
Show me the customer information about a customer named Daan Peeters . How many invoices has he had ? In each invoice , how many tracks did he buy ?
Show me the customer information about a customer named Daan Peeters . How many invoices has he had ? In each invoice , how many tracks did he buy ? Can you show just all the names of these tracks !
Show me the customer information about a customer named Daan Peeters . How many invoices has he had ? In each invoice , how many tracks did he buy ? Can you show just all the names of these tracks ! List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters.
What different types of playlists are there ?
What different types of playlists are there ? What are the names of the tracks are in the movie playlist ?
What different types of playlists are there ? What are the names of the tracks are in the movie playlist ? Which of these are also in the music playl
What different types of playlists are there ? What are the names of the tracks are in the movie playlist ? Which of these are also in the music playl How about those that are not !
What different types of playlists are there ? What are the names of the tracks are in the movie playlist ? Which of these are also in the music playl How about those that are not ! Find the name of tracks which are in Movies playlist but not in music playlist.
How many different playlist are there ?
How many different playlist are there ? What are they ?
How many different playlist are there ? What are they ? What are the tracks in each one ?
How many different playlist are there ? What are they ? What are the tracks in each one ? What are the names of the ones are in both Movies and music !
How many different playlist are there ? What are they ? What are the tracks in each one ? What are the names of the ones are in both Movies and music ! Find the name of tracks which are in both Movies and music playlists.
What are the heights of buildings ?
What are the heights of buildings ? give the max .
What are the heights of buildings ? give the max . What is its name ?
What are the heights of buildings ? give the max . What is its name ? What is the name of the tallest building?
How many floors does each building name have ?
How many floors does each building name have ? What is the average ?
How many floors does each building name have ? What is the average ? Give statistics about the avg , max , and min .
How many floors does each building name have ? What is the average ? Give statistics about the avg , max , and min . What are the average, maximum, and minimum number of floors for all buildings?
How many buildings have height abouve average ?
How many buildings have height abouve average ? What about floors above average ?
How many buildings have height abouve average ? What about floors above average ? Give the union of the above .
How many buildings have height abouve average ? What about floors above average ? Give the union of the above . Show the number of buildings with a height above the average or a number of floors above the average.
Which buildings are taller than 200 ?
Which buildings are taller than 200 ? Which have floors greater or equal to 20 ?
Which buildings are taller than 200 ? Which have floors greater or equal to 20 ? Intersect those .
Which buildings are taller than 200 ? Which have floors greater or equal to 20 ? Intersect those . List the names of buildings with at least 200 feet of height and with at least 20 floors.
What are the names and founded dates for the institutions ?
What are the names and founded dates for the institutions ? Also show the private/public status .
What are the names and founded dates for the institutions ? Also show the private/public status . Show the names and locations of institutions that are founded after 1990 and have the type `` Private '' .
What are the names and founded dates for the institutions ? Also show the private/public status . Show the names and locations of institutions that are founded after 1990 and have the type `` Private '' . Show the names and locations of institutions that are founded after 1990 and have the type "Private".
What are the unique types of institution ?
What are the unique types of institution ? Count those .
What are the unique types of institution ? Count those . Also sum over enrollment .
What are the unique types of institution ? Count those . Also sum over enrollment . Show institution types, along with the number of institutions and total enrollment for each type.
How many institutions have type Tribal ?
How many institutions have type Tribal ? Show the institution type with the largest number of institutions .
How many institutions have type Tribal ? Show the institution type with the largest number of institutions . Show the institution type with the largest number of institutions.
Which institutions were founded after 1990 ?
Which institutions were founded after 1990 ? What are their types ?
Which institutions were founded after 1990 ? What are their types ? Show the institution type with an institution founded after 1990 and an institution with at least 1000 enrollment .
Which institutions were founded after 1990 ? What are their types ? Show the institution type with an institution founded after 1990 and an institution with at least 1000 enrollment . Show the institution type with an institution founded after 1990 and an institution with at least 1000 enrollment.
which building ids have an institution ?
which building ids have an institution ? Which do not ?
which building ids have an institution ? Which do not ? Give just their names .
which building ids have an institution ? Which do not ? Give just their names . Show the name of buildings that do not have any institution.
Which institutions were founded in 2003 ?
Which institutions were founded in 2003 ? What are the corresponding building ids ?
Which institutions were founded in 2003 ? What are the corresponding building ids ? What are the names of these buildings ?
Which institutions were founded in 2003 ? What are the corresponding building ids ? What are the names of these buildings ? Which building names are not in there ?
Which institutions were founded in 2003 ? What are the corresponding building ids ? What are the names of these buildings ? Which building names are not in there ? Show the names of buildings except for those having an institution founded in 2003.
How many institutions are in Citizens Bank Building ?
How many institutions are in Citizens Bank Building ? Generalize this process for all buildings .
How many institutions are in Citizens Bank Building ? Generalize this process for all buildings . For each building, show the name of the building and the number of institutions in it.
Which institutions were founded after 1880 ?
Which institutions were founded after 1880 ? Give the building ids of these buildings .
Which institutions were founded after 1880 ? Give the building ids of these buildings . Only show the building ids that appear twice or more on that list .
Which institutions were founded after 1880 ? Give the building ids of these buildings . Only show the building ids that appear twice or more on that list . Give the names and heights of those buildings .
Which institutions were founded after 1880 ? Give the building ids of these buildings . Only show the building ids that appear twice or more on that list . Give the names and heights of those buildings . Show the names and heights of buildings with at least two institutions founded after 1880.
Show the institution names joined with the protein names .
Show the institution names joined with the protein names . Aggregate , count , over the institution names .
Show the institution names joined with the protein names . Aggregate , count , over the institution names . Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution.
Which proteins are associated with institutions founded after 1880 ?
Which proteins are associated with institutions founded after 1880 ? And which are associated with an institution with type `` Private '' ?
Which proteins are associated with institutions founded after 1880 ? And which are associated with an institution with type `` Private '' ? Union those .
Which proteins are associated with institutions founded after 1880 ? And which are associated with an institution with type `` Private '' ? Union those . Count the union .
Which proteins are associated with institutions founded after 1880 ? And which are associated with an institution with type `` Private '' ? Union those . Count the union . How many proteins are associated with an institution founded after 1880 or an institution with type "Private"?
Which protein names are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors ?
Which protein names are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors ? Which of those have common name equal to 'Tropical Clawed Frog ' ?
Which protein names are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors ? Which of those have common name equal to 'Tropical Clawed Frog ' ? Give a count of the proteins in the first query .
Which protein names are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors ? Which of those have common name equal to 'Tropical Clawed Frog ' ? Give a count of the proteins in the first query . How many proteins are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors?
show all the different member addresses .
show all the different member addresses . who is living in Harford ?
show all the different member addresses . who is living in Harford ? also include the members living in Waterbury .
show all the different member addresses . who is living in Harford ? also include the members living in Waterbury . Give me the names of members whose address is in Harford or Waterbury.
how many members are under age 30 ?
how many members are under age 30 ? how about the number of members with a black membership card ?
how many members are under age 30 ? how about the number of members with a black membership card ? what is the total number between these two groups of members ?
how many members are under age 30 ? how about the number of members with a black membership card ? what is the total number between these two groups of members ? what are their ids and names ?
how many members are under age 30 ? how about the number of members with a black membership card ? what is the total number between these two groups of members ? what are their ids and names ? Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 or with black membership card.
what are all the different membership cards ?
what are all the different membership cards ? how many members does each of them have ?
what are all the different membership cards ? how many members does each of them have ? which ones have more than 3 members ?
what are all the different membership cards ? how many members does each of them have ? which ones have more than 3 members ? how about 5 ?
what are all the different membership cards ? how many members does each of them have ? which ones have more than 3 members ? how about 5 ? Which membership card has more than 5 members?
show all info about members .
show all info about members . which of them are older than 40 ?
show all info about members . which of them are older than 40 ? for those who are younger than 30 ?
show all info about members . which of them are older than 40 ? for those who are younger than 30 ? Which addresses have members in both groups ?
show all info about members . which of them are older than 40 ? for those who are younger than 30 ? Which addresses have members in both groups ? Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
show the names of members living in Hartford .
show the names of members living in Hartford . also those living in Waterbury .
show the names of members living in Hartford . also those living in Waterbury . which membership cards are held by members living in these two places ?
show the names of members living in Hartford . also those living in Waterbury . which membership cards are held by members living in these two places ? What is the membership card held by both members living in Hartford and ones living in Waterbury address?
what are different membership cards ?
what are different membership cards ? how many black ones are there ?
what are different membership cards ? how many black ones are there ? show addresses for those who have one .
what are different membership cards ? how many black ones are there ? show addresses for those who have one . how about those who do not have one ?
what are different membership cards ? how many black ones are there ? show addresses for those who have one . how about those who do not have one ? Which address do not have any member with the black membership card?
show the scores and staff numbers for all shops .
show the scores and staff numbers for all shops . what are the averages for these two columns ?
show the scores and staff numbers for all shops . what are the averages for these two columns ? What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
what is the highest score for all shops ?
what is the highest score for all shops ? how about the average ?
what is the highest score for all shops ? how about the average ? what are the id and addresses of the shops whose scores are below this ?
what is the highest score for all shops ? how about the average ? what are the id and addresses of the shops whose scores are below this ? Find the id and address of the shops whose score is below the average score.
Find the addresses of the shops where they have happy hour .
Find the addresses of the shops where they have happy hour . also return the staff numbers .
Find the addresses of the shops where they have happy hour . also return the staff numbers . how about those where there is no happy hour ?
Find the addresses of the shops where they have happy hour . also return the staff numbers . how about those where there is no happy hour ? Find the address and staff number of the shops that do not have any happy hour.
show the id of the shops that have a happy hour .
show the id of the shops that have a happy hour . just show those that have happy hours in May .
show the id of the shops that have a happy hour . just show those that have happy hours in May . return their addresses too .
show the id of the shops that have a happy hour . just show those that have happy hours in May . return their addresses too . What are the id and address of the shops which have a happy hour in May?
find the number of happy hours in each shop . Also show shop id .
find the number of happy hours in each shop . Also show shop id . which of them has happy hour most often ?
find the number of happy hours in each shop . Also show shop id . which of them has happy hour most often ? which shop has happy hour most frequently? List its id and number of happy hours.
how many happy hour shops are there ?
how many happy hour shops are there ? for each month ?
how many happy hour shops are there ? for each month ? Which month has the most ?
how many happy hour shops are there ? for each month ? Which month has the most ? Which month has the most happy hours?
Show information for all premises .
Show information for all premises . How many of them are there ?
Show information for all premises . How many of them are there ? How many premises are there?
Show information for premises .
Show information for premises . Only show the premise type for all of them .
Show information for premises . Only show the premise type for all of them . What are the distinct types among them ?
Show information for premises . Only show the premise type for all of them . What are the distinct types among them ? What are all the distinct premise types?
Show the type for all premises .
Show the type for all premises . Also add their details .
Show the type for all premises . Also add their details . Order them by the premise type .
Show the type for all premises . Also add their details . Order them by the premise type . Find the types and details for all premises and order by the premise type.
Show all premise types .
Show all premise types . Show the number of premises in each type .
Show all premise types . Show the number of premises in each type . Show each premise type and the number of premises in that type.
Show the number of mailshot campaigns .
Show the number of mailshot campaigns . Breakdown the number by product category .
Show the number of mailshot campaigns . Breakdown the number by product category . Show all distinct product categories along with the number of mailshots in each category.
Show all customers id with a mailshot .
Show all customers id with a mailshot . How about customer ids without any ?
Show all customers id with a mailshot . How about customer ids without any ? Display the name and phone number for those customers .
Show all customers id with a mailshot . How about customer ids without any ? Display the name and phone number for those customers . Show the name and phone of the customer without any mailshot.
Show the name and phone for all customers .
Show the name and phone for all customers . Only show the results for those customers with a mailshot .
Show the name and phone for all customers . Only show the results for those customers with a mailshot . Among those , how about the results for customers also with the outcome code 'No Response ' .
Show the name and phone for all customers . Only show the results for those customers with a mailshot . Among those , how about the results for customers also with the outcome code 'No Response ' . Show the name and phone for customers with a mailshot with outcome code 'No Response'.
Show the outcome code for all mailshot customers .
Show the outcome code for all mailshot customers . Show the count of the number of mailshots in each of those codes .
Show the outcome code for all mailshot customers . Show the count of the number of mailshots in each of those codes . Show the outcome code of mailshots along with the number of mailshots in each outcome code.
Show the names of customers .
Show the names of customers . How about the names for those who have an outcome code 'Order ' of mailshots .
Show the names of customers . How about the names for those who have an outcome code 'Order ' of mailshots . Only show the names of those who have at least two such codes .
Show the names of customers . How about the names for those who have an outcome code 'Order ' of mailshots . Only show the names of those who have at least two such codes . Show the names of customers who have at least 2 mailshots with outcome code 'Order'.
Show the name of customers with a mailshot .
Show the name of customers with a mailshot . Order them by the number of mailshots in descending order .
Show the name of customers with a mailshot . Order them by the number of mailshots in descending order . Who has the most mailshots among them ?
Show the name of customers with a mailshot . Order them by the number of mailshots in descending order . Who has the most mailshots among them ? Show the names of customers who have the most mailshots.
Show the name for customers .
Show the name for customers . Also show their payment methods .
Show the name for customers . Also show their payment methods . How about the results for those haing mailshots in 'Order ' outcome
Show the name for customers . Also show their payment methods . How about the results for those haing mailshots in 'Order ' outcome What about those also having mailshots in 'No Response ' outcome ?
Show the name for customers . Also show their payment methods . How about the results for those haing mailshots in 'Order ' outcome What about those also having mailshots in 'No Response ' outcome ? What are the name and payment method of customers who have both mailshots in 'Order' outcome and mailshots in 'No Response' outcome.
Show the address type code for all customer addresses .
Show the address type code for all customer addresses . For each of them , also show the premise type .
Show the address type code for all customer addresses . For each of them , also show the premise type . Show the premise type and address type code for all customer addresses.
Show information for all customer addresses .
Show information for all customer addresses . Show the address type code for all customer addresses .
Show information for all customer addresses . Show the address type code for all customer addresses . Filter for distinctness .
Show information for all customer addresses . Show the address type code for all customer addresses . Filter for distinctness . What are the distinct address type codes for all customer addresses?
List the shipping charge and customer id for all customer orders .
List the shipping charge and customer id for all customer orders . How about the results with order status 'Cancelled ' ?
List the shipping charge and customer id for all customer orders . How about the results with order status 'Cancelled ' ? How about the results with order status 'Paid ' .
List the shipping charge and customer id for all customer orders . How about the results with order status 'Cancelled ' ? How about the results with order status 'Paid ' . Show the results of both .
List the shipping charge and customer id for all customer orders . How about the results with order status 'Cancelled ' ? How about the results with order status 'Paid ' . Show the results of both . Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status Cancelled or Paid.
What are all the cross reference codes ?
What are all the cross reference codes ? Show me the cross references with code as Tax .
What are all the cross reference codes ? Show me the cross references with code as Tax . What are the details of the cmi masters of them ?
What are all the cross reference codes ? Show me the cross references with code as Tax . What are the details of the cmi masters of them ? what are the details of the cmi masters that have the cross reference code 'Tax'?
Show me all the council tax entries .
Show me all the council tax entries . Show me distinct cmi cross reference ids in those .
Show me all the council tax entries . Show me distinct cmi cross reference ids in those . What about their corresponding source system code ?
Show me all the council tax entries . Show me distinct cmi cross reference ids in those . What about their corresponding source system code ? What is the cmi cross reference id that is related to at least one council tax entry? List the cross reference id and source system code.
How many business rates are there ?
How many business rates are there ? What are the distinct cmi cross reference ids in those business rates ?
How many business rates are there ? What are the distinct cmi cross reference ids in those business rates ? Show me the number of business rates related to each of them .
How many business rates are there ? What are the distinct cmi cross reference ids in those business rates ? Show me the number of business rates related to each of them . Include the master customer id too .
How many business rates are there ? What are the distinct cmi cross reference ids in those business rates ? Show me the number of business rates related to each of them . Include the master customer id too . How many business rates are related to each cmi cross reference? List cross reference id, master customer id and the number of business rates.
What are the cmi cross reference ids that are related to the benefits and overpayments .
What are the cmi cross reference ids that are related to the benefits and overpayments . Show me their source system codes along with the benefit id .
What are the cmi cross reference ids that are related to the benefits and overpayments . Show me their source system codes along with the benefit id . Order them by the benefit id .
What are the cmi cross reference ids that are related to the benefits and overpayments . Show me their source system codes along with the benefit id . Order them by the benefit id . What is the tax source system code related to the benefits and overpayments? List the code and the benefit id, order by benefit id.
Show me the detail of all the customer master indices .
Show me the detail of all the customer master indices . Show me the id of those whose detial is not 'Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ' .
Show me the detail of all the customer master indices . Show me the id of those whose detial is not 'Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ' . What are the renting arears tax ids related to them ?
Show me the detail of all the customer master indices . Show me the id of those whose detial is not 'Schmidt , Kertzmann and Lubowitz ' . What are the renting arears tax ids related to them ? What are the renting arrears tax ids related to the customer master index whose detail is not 'Schmidt, Kertzmann and Lubowitz'?
What are the ids of all the electoral register ?
What are the ids of all the electoral register ? What about their cross reference source system codes ?
What are the ids of all the electoral register ? What about their cross reference source system codes ? Show me those with source system code 'Electoral ' or 'Tax ' .
What are the ids of all the electoral register ? What about their cross reference source system codes ? Show me those with source system code 'Electoral ' or 'Tax ' . What are the register ids of electoral registries that have the cross reference source system code 'Electoral' or 'Tax'?
What are the details of all the master customers ?
What are the details of all the master customers ? Show me the id of one with details 'Gottlieb , Becker and Wyman ' .
What are the details of all the master customers ? Show me the id of one with details 'Gottlieb , Becker and Wyman ' . Show me the distinct cross reference source system codes related to it .
What are the details of all the master customers ? Show me the id of one with details 'Gottlieb , Becker and Wyman ' . Show me the distinct cross reference source system codes related to it . What are the distinct cross reference source system codes which are related to the master customer details 'Gottlieb, Becker and Wyman'?
Show me all the cmi cross reference ids .
Show me all the cmi cross reference ids . What about those not related to any parking taxes ?
Show me all the cmi cross reference ids . What about those not related to any parking taxes ? Which cmi cross reference id is not related to any parking taxes?
How many campuses opened after 1935 ?
How many campuses opened after 1935 ? Among these campuses , how many of them opened before 1939 ?
How many campuses opened after 1935 ? Among these campuses , how many of them opened before 1939 ? Show its name .
How many campuses opened after 1935 ? Among these campuses , how many of them opened before 1939 ? Show its name . Which campus was opened between 1935 and 1939?
Which campuses are in Northridge , Los Angeles ?
Which campuses are in Northridge , Los Angeles ? How many are there ?
Which campuses are in Northridge , Los Angeles ? How many are there ? How about the number of campuses that are in San Francisco , San Francisco ?
Which campuses are in Northridge , Los Angeles ? How many are there ? How about the number of campuses that are in San Francisco , San Francisco ? Please add them .
Which campuses are in Northridge , Los Angeles ? How many are there ? How about the number of campuses that are in San Francisco , San Francisco ? Please add them . Show the names of the campuses .
Which campuses are in Northridge , Los Angeles ? How many are there ? How about the number of campuses that are in San Francisco , San Francisco ? Please add them . Show the names of the campuses . Find the name of the campuses that is in Northridge, Los Angeles or in San Francisco, San Francisco.
What is the campus fee of `` California State University-Channel Islands '' in year 2003 ?
What is the campus fee of `` California State University-Channel Islands '' in year 2003 ? How about `` San Jose State University '' in year 1995 ?
What is the campus fee of `` California State University-Channel Islands '' in year 2003 ? How about `` San Jose State University '' in year 1995 ? How about `` San Jose State University '' in year 1996 ?
What is the campus fee of `` California State University-Channel Islands '' in year 2003 ? How about `` San Jose State University '' in year 1995 ? How about `` San Jose State University '' in year 1996 ? What is the campus fee of "San Jose State University" in year 1996?
Show the campus fee of all campuses in year 1996 .
Show the campus fee of all campuses in year 1996 . What is the highest among them ?
Show the campus fee of all campuses in year 1996 . What is the highest among them ? What is the fee of `` San Francisco State University '' ?
Show the campus fee of all campuses in year 1996 . What is the highest among them ? What is the fee of `` San Francisco State University '' ? What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 1996?
What is the maximum campus fee ?
What is the maximum campus fee ? How many universities are there ?
What is the maximum campus fee ? How many universities are there ? How about the number of universities whose campus fee is greater than the average campus fee ?
What is the maximum campus fee ? How many universities are there ? How about the number of universities whose campus fee is greater than the average campus fee ? Find the count of universities whose campus fee is greater than the average campus fee.
How many universities are in Los Angeles ?
How many universities are in Los Angeles ? How many of them opened after 1950 ?
How many universities are in Los Angeles ? How many of them opened after 1950 ? Please show their names .
How many universities are in Los Angeles ? How many of them opened after 1950 ? Please show their names . Which university is in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950?
What is the total number of degrees conferred ?
What is the total number of degrees conferred ? How many degrees are conferred in each year ?
What is the total number of degrees conferred ? How many degrees are conferred in each year ? Which year has the most degrees conferred ?
What is the total number of degrees conferred ? How many degrees are conferred in each year ? Which year has the most degrees conferred ? Which year has the most degrees conferred?
How many campuses are there that have degrees conferred ?
How many campuses are there that have degrees conferred ? How many degrees does each campus confer ?
How many campuses are there that have degrees conferred ? How many degrees does each campus confer ? Which campus had the most degrees conferred in 1990 ?
How many campuses are there that have degrees conferred ? How many degrees does each campus confer ? Which campus had the most degrees conferred in 1990 ? How about overall ?
How many campuses are there that have degrees conferred ? How many degrees does each campus confer ? Which campus had the most degrees conferred in 1990 ? How about overall ? Which campus has the most degrees conferred in all times?
How many faculties are there in Campus 1 in year 2002 ?
How many faculties are there in Campus 1 in year 2002 ? Which campus had the most faculty in year 2002 ?
How many faculties are there in Campus 1 in year 2002 ? Which campus had the most faculty in year 2002 ? How about in year 2003 ?
How many faculties are there in Campus 1 in year 2002 ? Which campus had the most faculty in year 2002 ? How about in year 2003 ? Which campus has the most faculties in year 2003?
How many different campuses are there ?
How many different campuses are there ? How many degrees are granted in each campus over all years ?
How many different campuses are there ? How many degrees are granted in each campus over all years ? How about between 1998 and 2002 ?
How many different campuses are there ? How many degrees are granted in each campus over all years ? How about between 1998 and 2002 ? report the total number of degrees granted between 1998 and 2002 in each campus.
How many campuses are in Orange county ?
How many campuses are in Orange county ? How many degrees have these campuses granted over all years ?
How many campuses are in Orange county ? How many degrees have these campuses granted over all years ? How about the number after year 2000 ?
How many campuses are in Orange county ? How many degrees have these campuses granted over all years ? How about the number after year 2000 ? For each Orange county campus, report the number of degrees granted after 2000.
How many campuses are there in Orange county ?
How many campuses are there in Orange county ? How many faculties are there in each campus in 2002 ?
How many campuses are there in Orange county ? How many faculties are there in each campus in 2002 ? What campus has the largest faculty in Orange county in year 2002 ?
How many campuses are there in Orange county ? How many faculties are there in each campus in 2002 ? What campus has the largest faculty in Orange county in year 2002 ? Which campus has more faculties than this number ?
How many campuses are there in Orange county ? How many faculties are there in each campus in 2002 ? What campus has the largest faculty in Orange county in year 2002 ? Which campus has more faculties than this number ? Find the names of the campus which has more faculties in 2002 than every campus in Orange county.
Show the total enrollment of campus with id 1 in each year .
Show the total enrollment of campus with id 1 in each year . What is the average of these numbers ?
Show the total enrollment of campus with id 1 in each year . What is the average of these numbers ? What campuses had more than 400 total enrollment in year 1956 ?
Show the total enrollment of campus with id 1 in each year . What is the average of these numbers ? What campuses had more than 400 total enrollment in year 1956 ? Among them , which campuses have more than 200 full time enrollment ?
Show the total enrollment of campus with id 1 in each year . What is the average of these numbers ? What campuses had more than 400 total enrollment in year 1956 ? Among them , which campuses have more than 200 full time enrollment ? What campus had more than 400 total enrollment but more than 200 full time enrollment in year 1956?
What is the total number of degrees that are conferred in `` California State University-Channel Islands '' ?
What is the total number of degrees that are conferred in `` California State University-Channel Islands '' ? How about `` San Jose State University '' over all years ?
What is the total number of degrees that are conferred in `` California State University-Channel Islands '' ? How about `` San Jose State University '' over all years ? How about in year 2001 ?
What is the total number of degrees that are conferred in `` California State University-Channel Islands '' ? How about `` San Jose State University '' over all years ? How about in year 2001 ? How about in year 2000 ?
What is the total number of degrees that are conferred in `` California State University-Channel Islands '' ? How about `` San Jose State University '' over all years ? How about in year 2001 ? How about in year 2000 ? How many degrees were conferred in "San Jose State University" in 2000?
Show the faculty lines in campus `` Humboldt State University '' in every year .
Show the faculty lines in campus `` Humboldt State University '' in every year . How about those in campus `` Long Beach State University '' ?
Show the faculty lines in campus `` Humboldt State University '' in every year . How about those in campus `` Long Beach State University '' ? What is the number of faculty lines in this university in 2003 ?
Show the faculty lines in campus `` Humboldt State University '' in every year . How about those in campus `` Long Beach State University '' ? What is the number of faculty lines in this university in 2003 ? How about in 2002 ?
Show the faculty lines in campus `` Humboldt State University '' in every year . How about those in campus `` Long Beach State University '' ? What is the number of faculty lines in this university in 2003 ? How about in 2002 ? What is the number of faculty lines in campus "Long Beach State University" in 2002?
How many campuses have faculty lines ?
How many campuses have faculty lines ? Show their faculty lines in year 2004 .
How many campuses have faculty lines ? Show their faculty lines in year 2004 . How many of them are between 600 and 1000 ?
How many campuses have faculty lines ? Show their faculty lines in year 2004 . How many of them are between 600 and 1000 ? Show the names of these campuses .
How many campuses have faculty lines ? Show their faculty lines in year 2004 . How many of them are between 600 and 1000 ? Show the names of these campuses . List the campus that have between 600 and 1000 faculty lines in year 2004.
How many degrees were conferred in each university in year 2002 ?
How many degrees were conferred in each university in year 2002 ? Among the results , which university conferred the most degrees ?
How many degrees were conferred in each university in year 2002 ? Among the results , which university conferred the most degrees ? What are its faculty lines ?
How many degrees were conferred in each university in year 2002 ? Among the results , which university conferred the most degrees ? What are its faculty lines ? How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the most number of degrees in year 2002?
When did `` San Jose State University '' open ?
When did `` San Jose State University '' open ? How many undergraduates were there in `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 ?
When did `` San Jose State University '' open ? How many undergraduates were there in `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 ? How about in year 2004 ?
When did `` San Jose State University '' open ? How many undergraduates were there in `` San Jose State University '' in year 2000 ? How about in year 2004 ? How many undergraduates are there in "San Jose State University" in year 2004?
Which county is `` San Francisco State University '' located ?
Which county is `` San Francisco State University '' located ? How many graduates were there in this university in year 2003 ?
Which county is `` San Francisco State University '' located ? How many graduates were there in this university in year 2003 ? How about in 2004 ?
Which county is `` San Francisco State University '' located ? How many graduates were there in this university in year 2003 ? How about in 2004 ? What is the number of graduates in "San Francisco State University" in year 2004?
What is the location of `` San Francisco State University '' ?
What is the location of `` San Francisco State University '' ? What are its campus fees over all years ?
What is the location of `` San Francisco State University '' ? What are its campus fees over all years ? How about in year 2000 ?
What is the location of `` San Francisco State University '' ? What are its campus fees over all years ? How about in year 2000 ? What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 2000?
Show the information for all faculty .
Show the information for all faculty . How many are there ?
Show the information for all faculty . How many are there ? How many faculty do we have?
Show the rank for each member of faculty .
Show the rank for each member of faculty . What different ranks are there ?
Show the rank for each member of faculty . What different ranks are there ? What ranks do we have for faculty?
Show the building for each faculty member .
Show the building for each faculty member . Show the distinct results among these .
Show the building for each faculty member . Show the distinct results among these . Show all the distinct buildings that have faculty rooms.
Show the first name of faculty .
Show the first name of faculty . Also show the last name for them .
Show the first name of faculty . Also show the last name for them . Also show the rank for them .
Show the first name of faculty . Also show the last name for them . Also show the rank for them . Show the rank, first name, and last name for all the faculty.
Show the information for all faculty .
Show the information for all faculty . Filter for female faculty members .
Show the information for all faculty . Filter for female faculty members . Only show the first name , last name , and phone number for them .
Show the information for all faculty . Filter for female faculty members . Only show the first name , last name , and phone number for them . Show the first name, last name, and phone number for all female faculty members.
Show ids for all faculty .
Show ids for all faculty . Only show the ids for male .
Show ids for all faculty . Only show the ids for male . Show ids for all the male faculty.
How many faculty are there ?
How many faculty are there ? What about female ones ?
How many faculty are there ? What about female ones ? What about female professors ?
How many faculty are there ? What about female ones ? What about female professors ? How many female Professors do we have?
Show the information for all faculty .
Show the information for all faculty . Only show the information for the faculty named Jerry Prince .
Show the information for all faculty . Only show the information for the faculty named Jerry Prince . Show the phone , room , and building for this person .
Show the information for all faculty . Only show the information for the faculty named Jerry Prince . Show the phone , room , and building for this person . Show the phone, room, and building for the faculty named Jerry Prince.
What is the total count of faculty members ?
What is the total count of faculty members ? How many are Professors ?
What is the total count of faculty members ? How many are Professors ? How many of these are in building NEB ?
What is the total count of faculty members ? How many are Professors ? How many of these are in building NEB ? How many Professors are in building NEB?
Show the first name and last name for all faculty .
Show the first name and last name for all faculty . What about those with rank as Instructor ?
Show the first name and last name for all faculty . What about those with rank as Instructor ? Show the first name and last name for all the instructors.
Show the building for all Faculty .
Show the building for all Faculty . Show how many faculty members each building houses .
Show the building for all Faculty . Show how many faculty members each building houses . Show all the buildings along with the number of faculty members the buildings have.
Show the building for all Faculty .
Show the building for all Faculty . Show the number of faculty members for each of those buildings .
Show the building for all Faculty . Show the number of faculty members for each of those buildings . List them in descending order of the count .
Show the building for all Faculty . Show the number of faculty members for each of those buildings . List them in descending order of the count . Which building has the most ?
Show the building for all Faculty . Show the number of faculty members for each of those buildings . List them in descending order of the count . Which building has the most ? Which building has most faculty members?
Show the building for all Faculty .
Show the building for all Faculty . How about those for professors ?
Show the building for all Faculty . How about those for professors ? For each of the buildings , show the number of professors .
Show the building for all Faculty . How about those for professors ? For each of the buildings , show the number of professors . Which of them have at least 10 ?
Show the building for all Faculty . How about those for professors ? For each of the buildings , show the number of professors . Which of them have at least 10 ? Show all the buildings that have at least 10 professors.
Show the rank for all faculty members .
Show the rank for all faculty members . For each of them , show the number of faculty members .
Show the rank for all faculty members . For each of them , show the number of faculty members . For each faculty rank, show the number of faculty members who have it.
Show all rank and sex for each faculty member .
Show all rank and sex for each faculty member . Show the counts of faculty grouped by both rank and sex .
Show all rank and sex for each faculty member . Show the counts of faculty grouped by both rank and sex . Show all the ranks and the number of male and female faculty for each rank.
Show the rank for all Faculty .
Show the rank for all Faculty . For each of them , show the number of faculty members .
Show the rank for all Faculty . For each of them , show the number of faculty members . Order them by the number .
Show the rank for all Faculty . For each of them , show the number of faculty members . Order them by the number . Which rank has the smallest number ?
Show the rank for all Faculty . For each of them , show the number of faculty members . Order them by the number . Which rank has the smallest number ? Which rank has the smallest number of faculty members?
Show the sex for each Faculty member .
Show the sex for each Faculty member . Show the result for only assistant professors .
Show the sex for each Faculty member . Show the result for only assistant professors . How many assistant professors are there of each sex ?
Show the sex for each Faculty member . Show the result for only assistant professors . How many assistant professors are there of each sex ? Show the number of male and female assistant professors.
Show the first name and last name for all Faculty .
Show the first name and last name for all Faculty . Also show the names of students that each one advises .
Show the first name and last name for all Faculty . Also show the names of students that each one advises . Who is Linda Smith 's advisor ?
Show the first name and last name for all Faculty . Also show the names of students that each one advises . Who is Linda Smith 's advisor ? What are the first name and last name of Linda Smith's advisor?
Show the student ids .
Show the student ids . Also show the ranks of their advisors .
Show the student ids . Also show the ranks of their advisors . Show the student id for those whose advisors are professors ?
Show the student ids . Also show the ranks of their advisors . Show the student id for those whose advisors are professors ? Show the ids of students whose advisors are professors.
Show first name and last name for all the students .
Show first name and last name for all the students . Also show their advisor 's first name and last name .
Show first name and last name for all the students . Also show their advisor 's first name and last name . Who are advised by Michael Goodrich ?
Show first name and last name for all the students . Also show their advisor 's first name and last name . Who are advised by Michael Goodrich ? Show first name and last name for all the students advised by Michael Goodrich.
Show the faculty id of each faculty member
Show the faculty id of each faculty member For each of them , also show the number of students he or she advises .
Show the faculty id of each faculty member For each of them , also show the number of students he or she advises . Show the faculty id of each faculty member, along with the number of students he or she advises.
Show all the faculty ranks
Show all the faculty ranks For each of those ranks , show the number of students advised .
Show all the faculty ranks For each of those ranks , show the number of students advised . Show all the faculty ranks and the number of students advised by each rank.
Show the first and last name of the faculty .
Show the first and last name of the faculty . For each faculty member , also count the number of students advised .
Show the first and last name of the faculty . For each faculty member , also count the number of students advised . Show the names in descending order of the number .
Show the first and last name of the faculty . For each faculty member , also count the number of students advised . Show the names in descending order of the number . Who has the most ?
Show the first and last name of the faculty . For each faculty member , also count the number of students advised . Show the names in descending order of the number . Who has the most ? What are the first and last name of the faculty who has the most students?
Show the ids for all the faculty members
Show the ids for all the faculty members For each of them , also count the number of students advised .
Show the ids for all the faculty members For each of them , also count the number of students advised . Who have at least 2 students ?
Show the ids for all the faculty members For each of them , also count the number of students advised . Who have at least 2 students ? Show the ids for all the faculty members who have at least 2 students.
Show all faculty members advising a student .
Show all faculty members advising a student . Show ids for those who do n't .
Show all faculty members advising a student . Show ids for those who do n't . Show ids for the faculty members who don't advise any student.
Show information for all activities .
Show information for all activities . Show the name for those .
Show information for all activities . Show the name for those . What activities do we have?
Show info for all activities .
Show info for all activities . How many are there ?
Show info for all activities . How many are there ? How many activities do we have?
Show the faculty id of members participating in an activity .
Show the faculty id of members participating in an activity . How many such members are there ?
Show the faculty id of members participating in an activity . How many such members are there ? How many faculty members participate in an activity?
Show the ids of the faculty who participate in an activity .
Show the ids of the faculty who participate in an activity . Show the ids for those who do n't .
Show the ids of the faculty who participate in an activity . Show the ids for those who do n't . Show the ids of the faculty who don't participate in any activity.
Show the ids of all the faculty members who participate in an activity .
Show the ids of all the faculty members who participate in an activity . Show the ids of all the faculty members who advise a student .
Show the ids of all the faculty members who participate in an activity . Show the ids of all the faculty members who advise a student . Show the ids of all the faculty members who do both .
Show the ids of all the faculty members who participate in an activity . Show the ids of all the faculty members who advise a student . Show the ids of all the faculty members who do both . Show the ids of all the faculty members who participate in an activity and advise a student.
Show first and last name and activity ids for all faculty participating in activities .
Show first and last name and activity ids for all faculty participating in activities . How many activities does Mark Giuliano participate in ?
Show first and last name and activity ids for all faculty participating in activities . How many activities does Mark Giuliano participate in ? How many activities does Mark Giuliano participate in?
Show the names of all the activities .
Show the names of all the activities . Show the names of those with faculty participation .
Show the names of all the activities . Show the names of those with faculty participation . What are those activities which Mark Giuliano participates in ?
Show the names of all the activities . Show the names of those with faculty participation . What are those activities which Mark Giuliano participates in ? Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in.
Show the first and last name of all the faculty members .
Show the first and last name of all the faculty members . Which of those have participated in some activity ?
Show the first and last name of all the faculty members . Which of those have participated in some activity ? For each of them , also show the number of activities they participated in .
Show the first and last name of all the faculty members . Which of those have participated in some activity ? For each of them , also show the number of activities they participated in . Show the first and last name of all the faculty members who participated in some activity, together with the number of activities they participated in.
Show all the activity names .
Show all the activity names . For each of them , how many faculty are involved ?
Show all the activity names . For each of them , how many faculty are involved ? Show all the activity names and the number of faculty involved in each activity.
Show the first and last name for all faculty .
Show the first and last name for all faculty . For each of them , also count the number of activities they participate in .
Show the first and last name for all faculty . For each of them , also count the number of activities they participate in . Sort the names in the descending order of this count .
Show the first and last name for all faculty . For each of them , also count the number of activities they participate in . Sort the names in the descending order of this count . Who participates in the most activities ?
Show the first and last name for all faculty . For each of them , also count the number of activities they participate in . Sort the names in the descending order of this count . Who participates in the most activities ? What is the first and last name of the faculty participating in the most activities?
Show all activity names .
Show all activity names . For each of them , also show the number of faculty members involved .
Show all activity names . For each of them , also show the number of faculty members involved . Sort the names in the descending order of the faculty counts .
Show all activity names . For each of them , also show the number of faculty members involved . Sort the names in the descending order of the faculty counts . Which activity has the most ?
Show all activity names . For each of them , also show the number of faculty members involved . Sort the names in the descending order of the faculty counts . Which activity has the most ? What is the name of the activity that has the most faculty members involved in?
Show the student ids who participate in an activity .
Show the student ids who participate in an activity . Show the ids of those who do n't .
Show the student ids who participate in an activity . Show the ids of those who do n't . Show the ids of the students who don't participate in any activity.
Show the ids for the students who participate in an activity .
Show the ids for the students who participate in an activity . Among those , who are under 20 ?
Show the ids for the students who participate in an activity . Among those , who are under 20 ? Show the ids for all the students who participate in an activity and are under 20.
Show the first and last name of the student .
Show the first and last name of the student . For each of them , count the number of activities .
Show the first and last name of the student . For each of them , count the number of activities . Sort the names in descending order by the number of activities .
Show the first and last name of the student . For each of them , count the number of activities . Sort the names in descending order by the number of activities . Who has the most ?
Show the first and last name of the student . For each of them , count the number of activities . Sort the names in descending order by the number of activities . Who has the most ? What is the first and last name of the student participating in the most activities?
Show the names of activities .
Show the names of activities . For each of them , also show the number of students .
Show the names of activities . For each of them , also show the number of students . Sort the names in descending order by this number .
Show the names of activities . For each of them , also show the number of students . Sort the names in descending order by this number . Which has the most ?
Show the names of activities . For each of them , also show the number of students . Sort the names in descending order by this number . Which has the most ? What is the name of the activity with the most students?
Show the first names of the faculty members .
Show the first names of the faculty members . Which of them participate in canoeing ?
Show the first names of the faculty members . Which of them participate in canoeing ? How about Kayaking ?
Show the first names of the faculty members . Which of them participate in canoeing ? How about Kayaking ? Show the first names for those participating in either of the two .
Show the first names of the faculty members . Which of them participate in canoeing ? How about Kayaking ? Show the first names for those participating in either of the two . Find the first names of the faculty members who are playing Canoeing or Kayaking.
Show the first name of faculty and their activity names .
Show the first name of faculty and their activity names . Which of them practice canoeing or kayaking ?
Show the first name of faculty and their activity names . Which of them practice canoeing or kayaking ? Which of them do not ?
Show the first name of faculty and their activity names . Which of them practice canoeing or kayaking ? Which of them do not ? Who among these are professors ?
Show the first name of faculty and their activity names . Which of them practice canoeing or kayaking ? Which of them do not ? Who among these are professors ? Find the first names of professors who are not playing Canoeing or Kayaking.
Find the first names of the faculty members
Find the first names of the faculty members Show the activity names for them .
Find the first names of the faculty members Show the activity names for them . Which of them participate in canoeing ?
Find the first names of the faculty members Show the activity names for them . Which of them participate in canoeing ? Which of them participate in kayaking ?
Find the first names of the faculty members Show the activity names for them . Which of them participate in canoeing ? Which of them participate in kayaking ? Which of them participate in both .
Find the first names of the faculty members Show the activity names for them . Which of them participate in canoeing ? Which of them participate in kayaking ? Which of them participate in both . Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking.
How many authors are from college `` Florida '' ?
How many authors are from college `` Florida '' ? How about the college `` Temple '' ?
How many authors are from college `` Florida '' ? How about the college `` Temple '' ? What is the sum of the number of authors from these two colleges ?
How many authors are from college `` Florida '' ? How about the college `` Temple '' ? What is the sum of the number of authors from these two colleges ? Please show the authors ' names .
How many authors are from college `` Florida '' ? How about the college `` Temple '' ? What is the sum of the number of authors from these two colleges ? Please show the authors ' names . Show the names of authors from college "Florida" or "Temple"
How many authors have sumbitted their work ?
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their names .
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their names . What is the author of the submission with the lowest score ?
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their names . What is the author of the submission with the lowest score ? How about the highest score ?
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their names . What is the author of the submission with the lowest score ? How about the highest score ? What is the author of the submission with the highest score?
How many authors have sumbitted their work ?
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their colleges .
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their colleges . How many unique colleges are there ?
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their colleges . How many unique colleges are there ? Among these colleges , which one has the most submissions ?
How many authors have sumbitted their work ? Please show their colleges . How many unique colleges are there ? Among these colleges , which one has the most submissions ? Show the most common college of authors of submissions.
What is the largest submission score ?
What is the largest submission score ? How many submissions have a score larger than 90 ?
What is the largest submission score ? How many submissions have a score larger than 90 ? How about the number of submissions with a score less than 80 ?
What is the largest submission score ? How many submissions have a score larger than 90 ? How about the number of submissions with a score less than 80 ? What are the colleges that have both authors with submission score larger than 90 and authors with submission score smaller than 80 ?
What is the largest submission score ? How many submissions have a score larger than 90 ? How about the number of submissions with a score less than 80 ? What are the colleges that have both authors with submission score larger than 90 and authors with submission score smaller than 80 ? Show the colleges that have both authors with submission score larger than 90 and authors with submission score smaller than 80.
How many submissions have been accepted ?
How many submissions have been accepted ? What is the average submission score of these works ?
How many submissions have been accepted ? What is the average submission score of these works ? Which submission has the highest score ? Show its submission ID .
How many submissions have been accepted ? What is the average submission score of these works ? Which submission has the highest score ? Show its submission ID . How about its submission result ?
How many submissions have been accepted ? What is the average submission score of these works ? Which submission has the highest score ? Show its submission ID . How about its submission result ? Show the result of the submission with the highest score.
How many different workshops are there ?
How many different workshops are there ? How many authors are there ?
How many different workshops are there ? How many authors are there ? Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to .
How many different workshops are there ? How many authors are there ? Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to . Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to.
Which workshops happened in New York USA ?
Which workshops happened in New York USA ? How many workshops have been held ?
Which workshops happened in New York USA ? How many workshops have been held ? How many authors have submitted to more than one workshop ?
Which workshops happened in New York USA ? How many workshops have been held ? How many authors have submitted to more than one workshop ? Please show their names .
Which workshops happened in New York USA ? How many workshops have been held ? How many authors have submitted to more than one workshop ? Please show their names . Show the authors who have submissions to more than one workshop.
List all the information about the tracks .
List all the information about the tracks . Which names and seatings of the tracks that are opened later than the year 1950 ?
List all the information about the tracks . Which names and seatings of the tracks that are opened later than the year 1950 ? What about after the year 2000 ?
List all the information about the tracks . Which names and seatings of the tracks that are opened later than the year 1950 ? What about after the year 2000 ? Order them by seating .
List all the information about the tracks . Which names and seatings of the tracks that are opened later than the year 1950 ? What about after the year 2000 ? Order them by seating . Show names and seatings, ordered by seating for all tracks opened after 2000.
Order all the tracks by the year of opening , from the most recent to the least recent .
Order all the tracks by the year of opening , from the most recent to the least recent . Which 4 are the most recent ones ? Show the name , location and seating .
Order all the tracks by the year of opening , from the most recent to the least recent . Which 4 are the most recent ones ? Show the name , location and seating . What about the most recent 1 ?
Order all the tracks by the year of opening , from the most recent to the least recent . Which 4 are the most recent ones ? Show the name , location and seating . What about the most recent 1 ? What is the name, location and seating for the most recently opened track?
What is the total seating numbers from the track ?
What is the total seating numbers from the track ? What about the minimum , maximum , and average ?
What is the total seating numbers from the track ? What about the minimum , maximum , and average ? What is the minimum, maximum, and average seating for all tracks.
What is the total seating numbers from the track ?
What is the total seating numbers from the track ? What about the average value ?
What is the total seating numbers from the track ? What about the average value ? Which tracks have a higher seating number than that ?
What is the total seating numbers from the track ? What about the average value ? Which tracks have a higher seating number than that ? Only keep the name , location , open year of them .
What is the total seating numbers from the track ? What about the average value ? Which tracks have a higher seating number than that ? Only keep the name , location , open year of them . Show the name, location, open year for all tracks with a seating higher than the average.
Show all the classes from the race .
Show all the classes from the race . For each class , show the number of races for each .
Show all the classes from the race . For each class , show the number of races for each . How many are there for the class 'GT ' ?
Show all the classes from the race . For each class , show the number of races for each . How many are there for the class 'GT ' ? Which one has the most number of races ?
Show all the classes from the race . For each class , show the number of races for each . How many are there for the class 'GT ' ? Which one has the most number of races ? What is the race class with most number of races.
For each class , show the number of races for each .
For each class , show the number of races for each . Which race classes have more than 3 races ?
For each class , show the number of races for each . Which race classes have more than 3 races ? What about at least two ?
For each class , show the number of races for each . Which race classes have more than 3 races ? What about at least two ? List the race class with at least two races.
How many races has the class 'GT ' ?
How many races has the class 'GT ' ? What about without that class ?
How many races has the class 'GT ' ? What about without that class ? What are the track names of them ?
How many races has the class 'GT ' ? What about without that class ? What are the track names of them ? What are the names for tracks without a race in class 'GT'.
What are the names and locations of the tracks ?
What are the names and locations of the tracks ? Which names of the tracks have at least one race ?
What are the names and locations of the tracks ? Which names of the tracks have at least one race ? What about no races ?
What are the names and locations of the tracks ? Which names of the tracks have at least one race ? What about no races ? Show all track names that have had no races.
What are the names of the tracks for each race ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? How many races for the track name 'Auto Club Speedway ' ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? How many races for the track name 'Auto Club Speedway ' ? For each track name , how many races are there ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? How many races for the track name 'Auto Club Speedway ' ? For each track name , how many races are there ? Show the name of track and the number of races in each track.
What are the names of the tracks for each race ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? For each track , what is the number of races ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? For each track , what is the number of races ? Which track name has the most number of races ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? For each track , what is the number of races ? Which track name has the most number of races ? Show the name of track with most number of races.
What are the names of the tracks for each race ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? For each track name , how many races for each ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? For each track name , how many races for each ? How many tracks have at least two races ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? For each track name , how many races for each ? How many tracks have at least two races ? What about only one race ? Show the track name and location ?
What are the names of the tracks for each race ? For each track name , how many races for each ? How many tracks have at least two races ? What about only one race ? Show the track name and location ? Show the name and location of track with 1 race.
List all the apartment booking records .
List all the apartment booking records . How many are there in total ?
List all the apartment booking records . How many are there in total ? How many apartment bookings are there in total?
List all the apartment booking records .
List all the apartment booking records . How many in total ?
List all the apartment booking records . How many in total ? For each of the record , only show the start dates and end dates .
List all the apartment booking records . How many in total ? For each of the record , only show the start dates and end dates . Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
What are the information about all the apartment buildings
What are the information about all the apartment buildings How many unique building descriptions are there ?
What are the information about all the apartment buildings How many unique building descriptions are there ? Show their details .
What are the information about all the apartment buildings How many unique building descriptions are there ? Show their details . Show all distinct building descriptions.
List all the building manager names .
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Brenden '' ?
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Brenden '' ? What about `` Emma '' ?
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Brenden '' ? What about `` Emma '' ? List the short names of the buildings managed by her .
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Brenden '' ? What about `` Emma '' ? List the short names of the buildings managed by her . Show the short names of the buildings managed by "Emma".
List all the building manager names .
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Emma '' ?
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Emma '' ? What about `` Brenden '' ?
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Emma '' ? What about `` Brenden '' ? What are the addresses and phones of all the buildings managed by him ?
List all the building manager names . How many are manged by `` Emma '' ? What about `` Brenden '' ? What are the addresses and phones of all the buildings managed by him ? Show the addresses and phones of all the buildings managed by "Brenden".
List all the building full names .
List all the building full names . Show the ones if there is the full name with `` The Eugene '' .
List all the building full names . Show the ones if there is the full name with `` The Eugene '' . What are the building full names which contain the word `` court '' ?
List all the building full names . Show the ones if there is the full name with `` The Eugene '' . What are the building full names which contain the word `` court '' ? What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment .
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment . What is the average number of bathrooms ?
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment . What is the average number of bathrooms ? List the minimum and maximum number .
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment . What is the average number of bathrooms ? List the minimum and maximum number . What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment .
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment . What about the minimum and maximum number ?
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment . What about the minimum and maximum number ? How about the average ?
List the number of bathrooms for each apartment . What about the minimum and maximum number ? How about the average ? What is the average number of bedrooms of all apartments?
Show the number of rooms with each apartment number in the beginning .
Show the number of rooms with each apartment number in the beginning . Return the apartment number and the number of rooms for each apartment.
How many type codes are there ?
How many type codes are there ? For each one , show how many apartments .
How many type codes are there ? For each one , show how many apartments . How many apartments have the type code `` Studio '' ?
How many type codes are there ? For each one , show how many apartments . How many apartments have the type code `` Studio '' ? Among those apartments , what is the average number of rooms ?
How many type codes are there ? For each one , show how many apartments . How many apartments have the type code `` Studio '' ? Among those apartments , what is the average number of rooms ? What is the average number of rooms of apartments with type code "Studio"?
How many type codes are there ?
How many type codes are there ? For each type code , show how many apartments .
How many type codes are there ? For each type code , show how many apartments . What are the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code `` Studio '' ?
How many type codes are there ? For each type code , show how many apartments . What are the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code `` Studio '' ? What about type code `` Flat '' ?
How many type codes are there ? For each type code , show how many apartments . What are the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code `` Studio '' ? What about type code `` Flat '' ? Return the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code "Flat".
How many guests are there ?
How many guests are there ? Keep the first and last names of them .
How many guests are there ? Keep the first and last names of them . Return the first names and last names of all guests
How many female guests are there ?
How many female guests are there ? What about male ?
How many female guests are there ? What about male ? What are the date of birth of them ?
How many female guests are there ? What about male ? What are the date of birth of them ? Return the date of birth for all the guests with gender code "Male".
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date .
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the apartment numbers with each record .
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the apartment numbers with each record . Show the apartment numbers, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date .
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the type code with each record .
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the type code with each record . What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code `` Studio '' ?
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the type code with each record . What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code `` Studio '' ? How about the type code `` Duplex '' ?
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the type code with each record . What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code `` Studio '' ? How about the type code `` Duplex '' ? What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code "Duplex"?
List all the booking start and end dates .
List all the booking start and end dates . Also show the bedroom number of each record .
List all the booking start and end dates . Also show the bedroom number of each record . Keep the ones that have 3 bedrooms , show the booking start and end dates only ?
List all the booking start and end dates . Also show the bedroom number of each record . Keep the ones that have 3 bedrooms , show the booking start and end dates only ? What about more than 2 bedrooms ?
List all the booking start and end dates . Also show the bedroom number of each record . Keep the ones that have 3 bedrooms , show the booking start and end dates only ? What about more than 2 bedrooms ? What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
List all the unique booking status codes .
List all the unique booking status codes . How many are there ?
List all the unique booking status codes . How many are there ? Show these codes with apartment numbers .
List all the unique booking status codes . How many are there ? Show these codes with apartment numbers . What is the code of the apartment with apartment number `` Suite 634 '' ?
List all the unique booking status codes . How many are there ? Show these codes with apartment numbers . What is the code of the apartment with apartment number `` Suite 634 '' ? What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
How many rooms are there in total ?
How many rooms are there in total ? What about apartments ?
How many rooms are there in total ? What about apartments ? Show all the apartment numbers and the status code for each one .
How many rooms are there in total ? What about apartments ? Show all the apartment numbers and the status code for each one . Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments where the status code is not `` Confirmed '' .
How many rooms are there in total ? What about apartments ? Show all the apartment numbers and the status code for each one . Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments where the status code is not `` Confirmed '' . How about the status code is `` Confirmed '' .
How many rooms are there in total ? What about apartments ? Show all the apartment numbers and the status code for each one . Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments where the status code is not `` Confirmed '' . How about the status code is `` Confirmed '' . Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
How many rooms are there in total ?
How many rooms are there in total ? Show all the booking status codes and number of apartments for each .
How many rooms are there in total ? Show all the booking status codes and number of apartments for each . What about the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code `` Confirmed '' ?
How many rooms are there in total ? Show all the booking status codes and number of apartments for each . What about the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code `` Confirmed '' ? What about the booking status code `` Provisional '' ?
How many rooms are there in total ? Show all the booking status codes and number of apartments for each . What about the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code `` Confirmed '' ? What about the booking status code `` Provisional '' ? Show the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code "Provisional".
List all the guests ' first and last names .
List all the guests ' first and last names . Also show the booking status code of each one .
List all the guests ' first and last names . Also show the booking status code of each one . What are the first names , start dates , and end dates of all the apartment bookings ?
List all the guests ' first and last names . Also show the booking status code of each one . What are the first names , start dates , and end dates of all the apartment bookings ? Show the guest first names, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
List all the booking start and end dates .
List all the booking start and end dates . Show the bedroom number of each record .
List all the booking start and end dates . Show the bedroom number of each record . Show the start and end dates of the apartment bookings made by male guests .
List all the booking start and end dates . Show the bedroom number of each record . Show the start and end dates of the apartment bookings made by male guests . What about female guests ?
List all the booking start and end dates . Show the bedroom number of each record . Show the start and end dates of the apartment bookings made by male guests . What about female guests ? Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings made by guests with gender code "Female".
List all the guests ' first and last names .
List all the guests ' first and last names . Among all the guests , which of them have `` Provisional '' the apartment bookings ?
List all the guests ' first and last names . Among all the guests , which of them have `` Provisional '' the apartment bookings ? How about `` Confirmed '' ?
List all the guests ' first and last names . Among all the guests , which of them have `` Provisional '' the apartment bookings ? How about `` Confirmed '' ? Show the first names and last names of all the guests that have apartment bookings with status code "Confirmed".
List all the unique facility codes .
List all the unique facility codes . List all the apartments and the facility codes of them .
List all the unique facility codes . List all the apartments and the facility codes of them . How many of them have more than 3 bedrooms ?
List all the unique facility codes . List all the apartments and the facility codes of them . How many of them have more than 3 bedrooms ? Show the facility codes of those where there are more than 4 bedrooms .
List all the unique facility codes . List all the apartments and the facility codes of them . How many of them have more than 3 bedrooms ? Show the facility codes of those where there are more than 4 bedrooms . Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
List all unique facility codes .
List all unique facility codes . List all the apartments and the facility codes of them .
List all unique facility codes . List all the apartments and the facility codes of them . Calculate how many rooms are there for those apartments with facility code `` Gym '' .
List all unique facility codes . List all the apartments and the facility codes of them . Calculate how many rooms are there for those apartments with facility code `` Gym '' . Show the total number of rooms of all apartments with facility code "Gym".
What is the minimum number of rooms for the apartments ?
What is the minimum number of rooms for the apartments ? List all the short names of each building .
What is the minimum number of rooms for the apartments ? List all the short names of each building . For each short name , show the room count .
What is the minimum number of rooms for the apartments ? List all the short names of each building . For each short name , show the room count . Only keep the result of `` Columbus Square '' .
What is the minimum number of rooms for the apartments ? List all the short names of each building . For each short name , show the room count . Only keep the result of `` Columbus Square '' . Show the total number of rooms of the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square".
List all the addresses of the buildings .
List all the addresses of the buildings . Show the building address for each apartment id .
List all the addresses of the buildings . Show the building address for each apartment id . Only show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 3 bathrooms .
List all the addresses of the buildings . Show the building address for each apartment id . Only show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 3 bathrooms . How about more than 2 ?
List all the addresses of the buildings . Show the building address for each apartment id . Only show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 3 bathrooms . How about more than 2 ? Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date .
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the type code with each record .
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the type code with each record . What the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by `` Kyle '' ?
For each apartment booking , show the start date , and end date . Also show the type code with each record . What the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by `` Kyle '' ? Show the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by "Kyle".
List all the unique booking status codes .
List all the unique booking status codes . How many apartments are there for each one ?
List all the unique booking status codes . How many apartments are there for each one ? Show the booking status code and the corresponding number of bookings.
List all the apartment numbers .
List all the apartment numbers . Order those results by number of bedrooms in descending order .
List all the apartment numbers . Order those results by number of bedrooms in descending order . Order them by room count in descending order .
List all the apartment numbers . Order those results by number of bedrooms in descending order . Order them by room count in descending order . What about in ascending order ?
List all the apartment numbers . Order those results by number of bedrooms in descending order . Order them by room count in descending order . What about in ascending order ? Return all the apartment numbers sorted by the room count in ascending order.
List all the apartment numbers .
List all the apartment numbers . Order them by the number of bedrooms in descending order .
List all the apartment numbers . Order them by the number of bedrooms in descending order . Which ones are top 4 ?
List all the apartment numbers . Order them by the number of bedrooms in descending order . Which ones are top 4 ? What about the top 1 ?
List all the apartment numbers . Order them by the number of bedrooms in descending order . Which ones are top 4 ? What about the top 1 ? Return the apartment number with the largest number of bedrooms.
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments .
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments . Order those results by the number of apartments in ascending order .
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments . Order those results by the number of apartments in ascending order . Show the apartment type codes and the corresponding number of apartments sorted by the number of apartments in ascending order.
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments .
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments . Order the apartments by the average number of rooms in descending order .
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments . Order the apartments by the average number of rooms in descending order . From those results , only keep the top 5 .
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments . Order the apartments by the average number of rooms in descending order . From those results , only keep the top 5 . What about top 3 ?
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments . Order the apartments by the average number of rooms in descending order . From those results , only keep the top 5 . What about top 3 ? What are the apartment type codes from those results ?
List all the apartment type codes with the counts of apartments . Order the apartments by the average number of rooms in descending order . From those results , only keep the top 5 . What about top 3 ? What are the apartment type codes from those results ? Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
What are all the information about the apartments .
What are all the information about the apartments . Order those records by the number of total rooms .
What are all the information about the apartments . Order those records by the number of total rooms . Which is the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms ?
What are all the information about the apartments . Order those records by the number of total rooms . Which is the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms ? Order the apartment type code by the number of total rooms .
What are all the information about the apartments . Order those records by the number of total rooms . Which is the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms ? Order the apartment type code by the number of total rooms . Add the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms to the results .
What are all the information about the apartments . Order those records by the number of total rooms . Which is the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms ? Order the apartment type code by the number of total rooms . Add the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms to the results . Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
How many unique apartment type codes are there ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? Show the number of apartments for each code .
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? Show the number of apartments for each code . Which are the most two common apartment type codes ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? Show the number of apartments for each code . Which are the most two common apartment type codes ? How about the top 1 ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? Show the number of apartments for each code . Which are the most two common apartment type codes ? How about the top 1 ? Show the most common apartment type code.
How many unique apartment type codes are there ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ? What is the minimum bathroom count for the departments ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ? What is the minimum bathroom count for the departments ? How many apartments have more than 2 bathrooms ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ? What is the minimum bathroom count for the departments ? How many apartments have more than 2 bathrooms ? How about more than 1 ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ? What is the minimum bathroom count for the departments ? How many apartments have more than 2 bathrooms ? How about more than 1 ? Among those apartments , which apartment type is the most popular one ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ? What is the minimum bathroom count for the departments ? How many apartments have more than 2 bathrooms ? How about more than 1 ? Among those apartments , which apartment type is the most popular one ? Show the most common apartment type code among apartments with more than 1 bathroom.
How many unique apartment type codes are there ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ?
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ? List the apartment type code and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each one .
How many unique apartment type codes are there ? What is the minimum room count for the departments ? List the apartment type code and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each one . Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
Show all the guests information .
Show all the guests information . How many genders are there in total ?
Show all the guests information . How many genders are there in total ? Has `` Rebeca '' ever visited , show the related information .
Show all the guests information . How many genders are there in total ? Has `` Rebeca '' ever visited , show the related information . Count how many guests for each gender , and list them in descending order .
Show all the guests information . How many genders are there in total ? Has `` Rebeca '' ever visited , show the related information . Count how many guests for each gender , and list them in descending order . Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order.
Show all the information about the facilities .
Show all the information about the facilities . How many records are there ?
Show all the information about the facilities . How many records are there ? Which apartments have no facility , show ids ?
Show all the information about the facilities . How many records are there ? Which apartments have no facility , show ids ? How many are there ?
Show all the information about the facilities . How many records are there ? Which apartments have no facility , show ids ? How many are there ? How many apartments do not have any facility?
How many apartments are there ?
How many apartments are there ? What are the status codes ?
How many apartments are there ? What are the status codes ? How many apartments have the status code to be `` Confirmed '' ?
How many apartments are there ? What are the status codes ? How many apartments have the status code to be `` Confirmed '' ? What about that of `` Provisional '' or `` Confirmed '' ?
How many apartments are there ? What are the status codes ? How many apartments have the status code to be `` Confirmed '' ? What about that of `` Provisional '' or `` Confirmed '' ? Show the apartment numbers of apartments with bookings that have status code both "Provisional" and "Confirmed"
List all the country names and their languages .
List all the country names and their languages . How many official languages that contain the word `` English '' ?
List all the country names and their languages . How many official languages that contain the word `` English '' ? Which countries are they ?
List all the country names and their languages . How many official languages that contain the word `` English '' ? Which countries are they ? Show all official native languages that contain the word "English".
Show all the information about the match season .
Show all the information about the match season . List the positions .
Show all the information about the match season . List the positions . How many distinct positions are there ?
Show all the information about the match season . List the positions . How many distinct positions are there ? What are the distinct position of players from college Virginia ?
Show all the information about the match season . List the positions . How many distinct positions are there ? What are the distinct position of players from college Virginia ? What about UCLA or Duke ?
Show all the information about the match season . List the positions . How many distinct positions are there ? What are the distinct position of players from college Virginia ? What about UCLA or Duke ? Show the distinct position of players from college UCLA or Duke.
Show the match season and the corresponding country .
Show the match season and the corresponding country . How many distinct countries in total ?
Show the match season and the corresponding country . How many distinct countries in total ? List the player names who are from Ireland .
Show the match season and the corresponding country . How many distinct countries in total ? List the player names who are from Ireland . How about Indonesia ?
Show the match season and the corresponding country . How many distinct countries in total ? List the player names who are from Ireland . How about Indonesia ? Which players are from Indonesia?
Show the country whose capital is Baghdad .
Show the country whose capital is Baghdad . What about Dublin ?
Show the country whose capital is Baghdad . What about Dublin ? List all the positions corresponding to that country .
Show the country whose capital is Baghdad . What about Dublin ? List all the positions corresponding to that country . What about the distinct positions ?
Show the country whose capital is Baghdad . What about Dublin ? List all the positions corresponding to that country . What about the distinct positions ? What are the distinct positions of the players from a country whose capital is Dublin?
What are the distinct position of players from college Furman ?
What are the distinct position of players from college Furman ? What about the players who come from college of Maryland or Duke ?
What are the distinct position of players from college Furman ? What about the players who come from college of Maryland or Duke ? What are the official languages of them ?
What are the distinct position of players from college Furman ? What about the players who come from college of Maryland or Duke ? What are the official languages of them ? What are the official languages of the countries of players from Maryland or Duke college?
List the players and their country names .
List the players and their country names . Which ones have the position of Forward ?
List the players and their country names . Which ones have the position of Forward ? What about the official languages of them ?
List the players and their country names . Which ones have the position of Forward ? What about the official languages of them ? How many official languages in total for the defenders ?
List the players and their country names . Which ones have the position of Forward ? What about the official languages of them ? How many official languages in total for the defenders ? How many distinct official languages are there among countries of players whose positions are defenders.
List the player , position and the corresponding team for each player .
List the player , position and the corresponding team for each player . Which ones are from the team 'Evalyn Feil ' , show the positions only ?
List the player , position and the corresponding team for each player . Which ones are from the team 'Evalyn Feil ' , show the positions only ? What about the team name `` Ryley Goldner '' ?
List the player , position and the corresponding team for each player . Which ones are from the team 'Evalyn Feil ' , show the positions only ? What about the team name `` Ryley Goldner '' ? Show the positions of the players from the team with name "Ryley Goldner".
List the college and the corresponding team name .
List the college and the corresponding team name . How many unique colleges are there for team 'Miami Fusion ' ?
List the college and the corresponding team name . How many unique colleges are there for team 'Miami Fusion ' ? What about the team `` Columbus Crew '' ?
List the college and the corresponding team name . How many unique colleges are there for team 'Miami Fusion ' ? What about the team `` Columbus Crew '' ? How many distinct colleges are associated with players from the team with name "Columbus Crew".
For each player , show the name and the team .
For each player , show the name and the team . What about adding the corresponding team name for each record ?
For each player , show the name and the team . What about adding the corresponding team name for each record ? What are the players and years played for those who are from team `` Brown Erdman '' ?
For each player , show the name and the team . What about adding the corresponding team name for each record ? What are the players and years played for those who are from team `` Brown Erdman '' ? What about that of `` Columbus Crew '' ?
For each player , show the name and the team . What about adding the corresponding team name for each record ? What are the players and years played for those who are from team `` Brown Erdman '' ? What about that of `` Columbus Crew '' ? Show the players and years played for players from team "Columbus Crew".
List all the country names .
List all the country names . For all players , show their country names .
List all the country names . For all players , show their country names . For each country , how many players are there ?
List all the country names . For all players , show their country names . For each country , how many players are there ? Show the country names and the corresponding number of players.
What are the number of the positions for each type ?
What are the number of the positions for each type ? Among those , which one is the list popular one ?
What are the number of the positions for each type ? Among those , which one is the list popular one ? How about the most popular one ?
What are the number of the positions for each type ? Among those , which one is the list popular one ? How about the most popular one ? Show the most common position of players in match seasons.
What are the number of the players in the match season for each college ?
What are the number of the players in the match season for each college ? Which ones have the least players , keep the least 5 colleges .
What are the number of the players in the match season for each college ? Which ones have the least players , keep the least 5 colleges . What about the top 3 ?
What are the number of the players in the match season for each college ? Which ones have the least players , keep the least 5 colleges . What about the top 3 ? Show the top 3 most common colleges of players in match seasons.
How many unique colleges are there in the match season ?
How many unique colleges are there in the match season ? Which countries have only one player ?
How many unique colleges are there in the match season ? Which countries have only one player ? What about at least two ?
How many unique colleges are there in the match season ? Which countries have only one player ? What about at least two ? Show the name of colleges that have at least two players.
How many distinct colleges are there in the match season ?
How many distinct colleges are there in the match season ? Which countries have only one player ?
How many distinct colleges are there in the match season ? Which countries have only one player ? What about at least two ?
How many distinct colleges are there in the match season ? Which countries have only one player ? What about at least two ? Show the result in descending alphabetical order .
How many distinct colleges are there in the match season ? Which countries have only one player ? What about at least two ? Show the result in descending alphabetical order . Show the name of colleges that have at least two players in descending alphabetical order.
Show the team names .
Show the team names . Which of them have at least one record in the match season ?
Show the team names . Which of them have at least one record in the match season ? Which are not ?
Show the team names . Which of them have at least one record in the match season ? Which are not ? What are the names of teams that do no have match season record?
List the positions from all seasons .
List the positions from all seasons . How many are there for each position ?
List the positions from all seasons . How many are there for each position ? Show the positions and the corresponding country .
List the positions from all seasons . How many are there for each position ? Show the positions and the corresponding country . Keep the country names that have both forward and defender as position .
List the positions from all seasons . How many are there for each position ? Show the positions and the corresponding country . Keep the country names that have both forward and defender as position . What are the names of countries that have both players with position forward and players with position defender?
Show all the song names and their release date .
Show all the song names and their release date . How many different releasing dates are there ?
Show all the song names and their release date . How many different releasing dates are there ? From those songs , which ones are released in the most recent year ?
Show all the song names and their release date . How many different releasing dates are there ? From those songs , which ones are released in the most recent year ? What is the name of the song that was released in the most recent year?
Order the songs by their file size , from large to small .
Order the songs by their file size , from large to small . What about ordering by duration ?
Order the songs by their file size , from large to small . What about ordering by duration ? From those results , which one is the top 1 , only keep the id of it .
Order the songs by their file size , from large to small . What about ordering by duration ? From those results , which one is the top 1 , only keep the id of it . What is the id of the longest song?
What is the average rating for all the songs ?
What is the average rating for all the songs ? How many of the songs which rating is above 9 ?
What is the average rating for all the songs ? How many of the songs which rating is above 9 ? What are singer names and their countries of these songs ?
What is the average rating for all the songs ? How many of the songs which rating is above 9 ? What are singer names and their countries of these songs ? List the name and country of origin for all singers who have produced songs with rating above 9.
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order .
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 800 ?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 800 ? What about lower ?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 800 ? What about lower ? What are the file size and format of them ?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 800 ? What about lower ? What are the file size and format of them ? List the file size and format for all songs that have resolution lower than 800.
Which song ids are the top three long ones ?
Which song ids are the top three long ones ? What about the shortest one ?
Which song ids are the top three long ones ? What about the shortest one ? What is the artist name of it ?
Which song ids are the top three long ones ? What about the shortest one ? What is the artist name of it ? What is the name of the artist who produced the shortest song?
What is the maximum rating for all the songs ?
What is the maximum rating for all the songs ? Which songs are the top 2 rating ones ?
What is the maximum rating for all the songs ? Which songs are the top 2 rating ones ? What about top 3 ?
What is the maximum rating for all the songs ? Which songs are the top 2 rating ones ? What about top 3 ? What are the names and countries of origin for the artists of these songs ?
What is the maximum rating for all the songs ? Which songs are the top 2 rating ones ? What about top 3 ? What are the names and countries of origin for the artists of these songs ? What are the names and countries of origin for the artists who produced the top three highly rated songs.
List all the durations of the songs .
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is only 2 mins to 3 mins ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is only 2 mins to 3 mins ? What about 4 minutes long ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is only 2 mins to 3 mins ? What about 4 minutes long ? How many songs have 4 minute duration?
How many songs are produced by female artists ?
How many songs are produced by female artists ? What is the maximum rating of these songs ?
How many songs are produced by female artists ? What is the maximum rating of these songs ? How about average rating ?
How many songs are produced by female artists ? What is the maximum rating of these songs ? How about average rating ? What is the average rating of songs produced by female artists?
For each format , how many files are there ?
For each format , how many files are there ? So which format is the most common one ?
For each format , how many files are there ? So which format is the most common one ? What is the most popular file format?
How many distinct countries are there ?
How many distinct countries are there ? How many artists come from India ?
How many distinct countries are there ? How many artists come from India ? Which ones who come from UK and have songs in English ?
How many distinct countries are there ? How many artists come from India ? Which ones who come from UK and have songs in English ? Find the names of the artists who are from UK and have produced English songs.
List all the durations of the songs .
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is only 3 mins to 4 mins ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is only 3 mins to 4 mins ? What about the ones which have the format to be mp4 ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is only 3 mins to 4 mins ? What about the ones which have the format to be mp4 ? Show the ids that the song is in mp4 and resolution is lower than 1000 .
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is only 3 mins to 4 mins ? What about the ones which have the format to be mp4 ? Show the ids that the song is in mp4 and resolution is lower than 1000 . Find the id of songs that are available in mp4 format and have resolution lower than 1000.
How many songs are produced by male artists ?
How many songs are produced by male artists ? How about female artisits ?
How many songs are produced by male artists ? How about female artisits ? Among those songs , which ones are in Bangla ?
How many songs are produced by male artists ? How about female artisits ? Among those songs , which ones are in Bangla ? What are the country of origin for the artists of these songs ?
How many songs are produced by male artists ? How about female artisits ? Among those songs , which ones are in Bangla ? What are the country of origin for the artists of these songs ? What is the country of origin of the artist who is female and produced a song in Bangla?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order .
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 900 ?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 900 ? What about lower than 800 ?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 900 ? What about lower than 800 ? Among those results , how may have mp3 format ?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 900 ? What about lower than 800 ? Among those results , how may have mp3 format ? What is the average duration of those songs ?
List all the song names by the resolution in ascending order . How many songs have resolution higher than 900 ? What about lower than 800 ? Among those results , how may have mp3 format ? What is the average duration of those songs ? What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800?
List all the song names and the resolutions in descending order of resolution .
List all the song names and the resolutions in descending order of resolution . Which one has the highest resolution ?
List all the song names and the resolutions in descending order of resolution . Which one has the highest resolution ? What about the lowest one ?
List all the song names and the resolutions in descending order of resolution . Which one has the highest resolution ? What about the lowest one ? What is the gender and name of the corresponding artist of that song ?
List all the song names and the resolutions in descending order of resolution . Which one has the highest resolution ? What about the lowest one ? What is the gender and name of the corresponding artist of that song ? Return the gender and name of artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution.
List all the song names and the resolutions in ascending order of resolution .
List all the song names and the resolutions in ascending order of resolution . Which ones are the top two of the resolution ?
List all the song names and the resolutions in ascending order of resolution . Which ones are the top two of the resolution ? What is the average resolution for the English songs ?
List all the song names and the resolutions in ascending order of resolution . Which ones are the top two of the resolution ? What is the average resolution for the English songs ? Which songs have a higher resolution than the English ones ?
List all the song names and the resolutions in ascending order of resolution . Which ones are the top two of the resolution ? What is the average resolution for the English songs ? Which songs have a higher resolution than the English ones ? What about the distinct song names of them ?
List all the song names and the resolutions in ascending order of resolution . Which ones are the top two of the resolution ? What is the average resolution for the English songs ? Which songs have a higher resolution than the English ones ? What about the distinct song names of them ? Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English.
List all the song names and the ratings .
List all the song names and the ratings . What is the maximum rating ?
List all the song names and the ratings . What is the maximum rating ? Which songs have a lower rating than the average rating ?
List all the song names and the ratings . What is the maximum rating ? Which songs have a lower rating than the average rating ? What about lower rating than that of blues genre ones ?
List all the song names and the ratings . What is the maximum rating ? Which songs have a lower rating than the average rating ? What about lower rating than that of blues genre ones ? What are the names of all songs that have a lower rating than some song of blues genre?
Show all the names of the song .
Show all the names of the song . How many of them contain the word 'robe ' ?
Show all the names of the song . How many of them contain the word 'robe ' ? How about the word 'love ' ?
Show all the names of the song . How many of them contain the word 'robe ' ? How about the word 'love ' ? What are the name and country of origin for the artists of these songs ?
Show all the names of the song . How many of them contain the word 'robe ' ? How about the word 'love ' ? What are the name and country of origin for the artists of these songs ? What is the name and country of origin of the artist who released a song that has "love" in its title?
How many songs are released in January ?
How many songs are released in January ? Who are the artists of these songs , list the name and gender ?
How many songs are released in January ? Who are the artists of these songs , list the name and gender ? List the name and gender for all artists who released songs in March.
How many songs have resolution higher than 1000 ?
How many songs have resolution higher than 1000 ? What about higher than 720 ?
How many songs have resolution higher than 1000 ? What about higher than 720 ? Among those results , how may have mp4 format ?
How many songs have resolution higher than 1000 ? What about higher than 720 ? Among those results , how may have mp4 format ? List the ids of these songs .
How many songs have resolution higher than 1000 ? What about higher than 720 ? Among those results , how may have mp4 format ? List the ids of these songs . What about the ids of the songs that in mp4 format or resolution above 720 ?
How many songs have resolution higher than 1000 ? What about higher than 720 ? Among those results , how may have mp4 format ? List the ids of these songs . What about the ids of the songs that in mp4 format or resolution above 720 ? What are the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720?
List all the durations of the songs .
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is 4 mins ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is 4 mins ? What are the names of those songs ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is 4 mins ? What are the names of those songs ? What about the song names which has 4 minute duration or is in English ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there if the duration is 4 mins ? What are the names of those songs ? What about the song names which has 4 minute duration or is in English ? List the names of all songs that have 4 minute duration or are in English.
How many distinct languages are there for the songs ?
How many distinct languages are there for the songs ? Among those languages , which one is the most popular one ?
How many distinct languages are there for the songs ? Among those languages , which one is the most popular one ? What is the language used most often in the songs?
List each language and how many songs for each ?
List each language and how many songs for each ? Which one is the most popular language ?
List each language and how many songs for each ? Which one is the most popular language ? What about that for the songs which resolution are above 1000 ?
List each language and how many songs for each ? Which one is the most popular language ? What about that for the songs which resolution are above 1000 ? How about resolution are above 500 ?
List each language and how many songs for each ? Which one is the most popular language ? What about that for the songs which resolution are above 1000 ? How about resolution are above 500 ? What is the language that was used most often in songs with resolution above 500?
How many artists come from India ?
How many artists come from India ? How about UK ?
How many artists come from India ? How about UK ? Among those artists , who are male ?
How many artists come from India ? How about UK ? Among those artists , who are male ? What are the names of artists who are Male and are from UK?
Which songs have the genre to be blues ?
Which songs have the genre to be blues ? How about folk ?
Which songs have the genre to be blues ? How about folk ? What about the songs has genre to be modern OR the songs are in English ?
Which songs have the genre to be blues ? How about folk ? What about the songs has genre to be modern OR the songs are in English ? Find the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English.
How many songs have a resolution below 900 ?
How many songs have a resolution below 900 ? Among those songs , which ones have mp3 format , show the file size of them .
How many songs have a resolution below 900 ? Among those songs , which ones have mp3 format , show the file size of them . What are the names of songs which have mp3 format and the resolution is below 1000 .
How many songs have a resolution below 900 ? Among those songs , which ones have mp3 format , show the file size of them . What are the names of songs which have mp3 format and the resolution is below 1000 . Return the names of songs for which format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000.
How many UK male artists ?
How many UK male artists ? Which British artists have released English songs ?
How many UK male artists ? Which British artists have released English songs ? Return the names of singers who are from UK and released an English song.
What is the maximum resolution for all the English songs ?
What is the maximum resolution for all the English songs ? What about the average rating and resolution for songs in Bangla ?
What is the maximum resolution for all the English songs ? What about the average rating and resolution for songs in Bangla ? What are the average rating and resolution of songs that are in Bangla?
List all the durations of the songs .
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there when the duration is only 4 mins ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there when the duration is only 4 mins ? What about that of 3 mins ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there when the duration is only 4 mins ? What about that of 3 mins ? How about the maximum and minimum resolutions of these songs ?
List all the durations of the songs . How many are there when the duration is only 4 mins ? What about that of 3 mins ? How about the maximum and minimum resolutions of these songs ? What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration is 3 minutes?
For each language , how many songs are there ?
For each language , how many songs are there ? For each language group in order , what is the average duration value of the songs in the group ?
For each language , how many songs are there ? For each language group in order , what is the average duration value of the songs in the group ? How about the maximum duration and resolution ?
For each language , how many songs are there ? For each language group in order , what is the average duration value of the songs in the group ? How about the maximum duration and resolution ? What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages?
How many genres are there in total ?
How many genres are there in total ? How many songs for each of them , show the result in the order of genre ?
How many genres are there in total ? How many songs for each of them , show the result in the order of genre ? What are the shortest duration and lowest rating for each group ?
How many genres are there in total ? How many songs for each of them , show the result in the order of genre ? What are the shortest duration and lowest rating for each group ? What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre?
List the number of songs for each artist .
List the number of songs for each artist . How many songs does Farida has ?
List the number of songs for each artist . How many songs does Farida has ? How about Prity ?
List the number of songs for each artist . How many songs does Farida has ? How about Prity ? What about the people who has at least an English song ?
List the number of songs for each artist . How many songs does Farida has ? How about Prity ? What about the people who has at least an English song ? Find the names and number of works of all artists who have at least one English songs.
Which songs have a resolution to be lower than 800 ?
Which songs have a resolution to be lower than 800 ? List artist names and the countries of these songs ?
Which songs have a resolution to be lower than 800 ? List artist names and the countries of these songs ? What about the artist names and countries who have at least one song of resolution above 900 ?
Which songs have a resolution to be lower than 800 ? List artist names and the countries of these songs ? What about the artist names and countries who have at least one song of resolution above 900 ? Find the name and country of origin for all artists who have release at least one song of resolution above 900.
Order the artist names by the number of songs .
Order the artist names by the number of songs . How about the names and the number of songs for the top one artist ?
Order the artist names by the number of songs . How about the names and the number of songs for the top one artist ? How about top three ?
Order the artist names by the number of songs . How about the names and the number of songs for the top one artist ? How about top three ? Find the names and number of works of the three artists who have produced the most songs.
For each artist , count how many songs .
For each artist , count how many songs . What is the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs ?
For each artist , count how many songs . What is the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs ? Find the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ? Which songs have a higher rating than the average , list the song names .
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ? Which songs have a higher rating than the average , list the song names . What about the names which rating is higher than the rating of all songs in English ?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ? Which songs have a higher rating than the average , list the song names . What about the names which rating is higher than the rating of all songs in English ? How about lower ?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ? Which songs have a higher rating than the average , list the song names . What about the names which rating is higher than the rating of all songs in English ? How about lower ? What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ? Which songs have a higher rating than the average , list the song ids .
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ? Which songs have a higher rating than the average , list the song ids . What about the song ids whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8 ?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the ratings ? Which songs have a higher rating than the average , list the song ids . What about the song ids whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8 ? What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the resolution ?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the resolution ? Which songs have a higher value than the average , list the song ids .
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the resolution ? Which songs have a higher value than the average , list the song ids . How about the ones that is higher than the average resolution value for the modern genre songs ?
What are the minimum , maximum and average values of the resolution ? Which songs have a higher value than the average , list the song ids . How about the ones that is higher than the average resolution value for the modern genre songs ? What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the average resolution of songs in modern genre?
For each artist , count how many songs .
For each artist , count how many songs . Among those , only count the Bangla songs .
For each artist , count how many songs . Among those , only count the Bangla songs . Which is the top one artist who has the most counts ?
For each artist , count how many songs . Among those , only count the Bangla songs . Which is the top one artist who has the most counts ? How about top 3 ?
For each artist , count how many songs . Among those , only count the Bangla songs . Which is the top one artist who has the most counts ? How about top 3 ? Find the top 3 artists who have the largest number of songs works whose language is Bangla.
What is the average rating of the Bangla songs ?
What is the average rating of the Bangla songs ? How about English songs ?
What is the average rating of the Bangla songs ? How about English songs ? How many of them in total ?
What is the average rating of the Bangla songs ? How about English songs ? How many of them in total ? What are the id , genre and artist name of these songs in the order of rating ?
What is the average rating of the Bangla songs ? How about English songs ? How many of them in total ? What are the id , genre and artist name of these songs in the order of rating ? List the id, genre and artist name of English songs ordered by rating.
What is the average duration of the blues songs ?
What is the average duration of the blues songs ? How about that of pop songs ?
What is the average duration of the blues songs ? How about that of pop songs ? What about the duration , file size and format of those songs , order the results by title ?
What is the average duration of the blues songs ? How about that of pop songs ? What about the duration , file size and format of those songs , order the results by title ? List the duration, file size and format of songs whose genre is pop, ordered by title?
How many artists have Bangla songs ?
How many artists have Bangla songs ? How about English ?
How many artists have Bangla songs ? How about English ? What are the names of them ?
How many artists have Bangla songs ? How about English ? What are the names of them ? Which of them have never received rating higher than 8 .
How many artists have Bangla songs ? How about English ? What are the names of them ? Which of them have never received rating higher than 8 . Find the names of the artists who have produced English songs but have never received rating higher than 8.
How many technicians are there ?
How many technicians are there ? Show me their names .
How many technicians are there ? Show me their names . What about those that are either 36 or 37 years old ?
How many technicians are there ? Show me their names . What about those that are either 36 or 37 years old ? Show the name of technicians aged either 36 or 37
How many technicians are there ?
How many technicians are there ? Show me the name of the oldest one .
How many technicians are there ? Show me the name of the oldest one . What about his starting year ?
How many technicians are there ? Show me the name of the oldest one . What about his starting year ? What is the starting year of the oldest technicians?
How many technicians are there ?
How many technicians are there ? What about in terms of teams ?
How many technicians are there ? What about in terms of teams ? Show me the team with the most of them .
How many technicians are there ? What about in terms of teams ? Show me the team with the most of them . Please show the team that has the most number of technicians.
How many technicians are there ?
How many technicians are there ? What about in terms of teams ?
How many technicians are there ? What about in terms of teams ? Show me the teams that have at least two .
How many technicians are there ? What about in terms of teams ? Show me the teams that have at least two . Show the team that have at least two technicians.
How many repair assignments are there in file ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show names of technicians and series of machines they are assigned to repair.
How many repair assignments are there in file ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show me those machines ' quality ranks .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show me those machines ' quality ranks . Show them in ascending order of quality rank .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show me those machines ' quality ranks . Show them in ascending order of quality rank . Only show me the names .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show me those machines ' quality ranks . Show them in ascending order of quality rank . Only show me the names . Show names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned.
How many repair assignments are there in file ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show me those with machine 's value points higher than 70 .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show me those with machine 's value points higher than 70 . Only show me the names .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me the name of technicians assigned to those repairs . What about the series of machines they repaired ? Show me those with machine 's value points higher than 70 . Only show me the names . Show names of technicians who are assigned to repair machines with value point more than 70.
How many repair assignments are there in file ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? What about in terms of technicians ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? What about in terms of technicians ? Show me their names instead of ids .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? What about in terms of technicians ? Show me their names instead of ids . Show names of technicians and the number of machines they are assigned to repair.
How many repair assignments are there in file ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me their names .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me their names . What about the technicians in file who are not one of those ?
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me their names . What about the technicians in file who are not one of those ? Show me their names .
How many repair assignments are there in file ? Show me their names . What about the technicians in file who are not one of those ? Show me their names . List the names of technicians who have not been assigned to repair machines.
Show me the grant id for grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27 ' .
Show me the grant id for grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27 ' . Which of those grant ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16 ' ? Show their id .
Show me the grant id for grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27 ' . Which of those grant ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16 ' ? Show their id . What are the distinct grant amount of these grants ?
Show me the grant id for grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27 ' . Which of those grant ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16 ' ? Show their id . What are the distinct grant amount of these grants ? What are the distinct grant amount for the grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27' and grant were ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16'?
What are the project details of all projects ?
What are the project details of all projects ? Which ones of the result produced patent ?
What are the project details of all projects ? Which ones of the result produced patent ? Among the current result , which ones also had paper outcome ?
What are the project details of all projects ? Which ones of the result produced patent ? Among the current result , which ones also had paper outcome ? List the project details of the project both producing patent and paper as outcomes.
Show me the grant amount of the organisations described as sponser ?
Show me the grant amount of the organisations described as sponser ? How about the organisations described as research ?
Show me the grant amount of the organisations described as sponser ? How about the organisations described as research ? Show me the sum of the result .
Show me the grant amount of the organisations described as sponser ? How about the organisations described as research ? Show me the sum of the result . What is the total grant amount of the organisations described as research?
Which project hires the most staffs ?
Which project hires the most staffs ? Who 's the leader of this project ? Show me the id .
Which project hires the most staffs ? Who 's the leader of this project ? Show me the id . What 's his from-date and to-date of working ?
Which project hires the most staffs ? Who 's the leader of this project ? Show me the id . What 's his from-date and to-date of working ? List from which date and to which date these staff work: project staff of the project which hires the most staffs
Show me the id of organizations involved in less then 3000 $ grant amount .
Show me the id of organizations involved in less then 3000 $ grant amount . How about those with a total of more than 6000 $ grants ?
Show me the id of organizations involved in less then 3000 $ grant amount . How about those with a total of more than 6000 $ grants ? List their description as well .
Show me the id of organizations involved in less then 3000 $ grant amount . How about those with a total of more than 6000 $ grants ? List their description as well . Find the organisation ids and details of the organisations which are involved in more than 6000 grant amount.
Which organization has the least number of research staff ?
Which organization has the least number of research staff ? How about the one with the most number of research staff ?
Which organization has the least number of research staff ? How about the one with the most number of research staff ? List the organization type together with the result .
Which organization has the least number of research staff ? How about the one with the most number of research staff ? List the organization type together with the result . What is the organisation type and id of the organisation which has the most number of research staff?
Show me all the organization types .
Show me all the organization types . Which of those hires the least research staff ?
Show me all the organization types . Which of those hires the least research staff ? How about the one hiring the most research staff ?
Show me all the organization types . Which of those hires the least research staff ? How about the one hiring the most research staff ? Which organisation type hires most research staff?
Show me the all documents with grant amount more than 5000 dollars .
Show me the all documents with grant amount more than 5000 dollars . Which of the result were granted by organisation type described research .
Show me the all documents with grant amount more than 5000 dollars . Which of the result were granted by organisation type described research . Show me their send dates .
Show me the all documents with grant amount more than 5000 dollars . Which of the result were granted by organisation type described research . Show me their send dates . Find out the send dates of the documents with the grant amount of more than 5000 which were granted by organisation type described research.
What 're the response received dates for the documents described as 'Initial Application ' ?
What 're the response received dates for the documents described as 'Initial Application ' ? How about those granted with more than 100 ?
What 're the response received dates for the documents described as 'Initial Application ' ? How about those granted with more than 100 ? What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' or granted with more than 100 ?
What 're the response received dates for the documents described as 'Initial Application ' ? How about those granted with more than 100 ? What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular ' or granted with more than 100 ? What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular' or granted with more than 100?
Show me the project ids of the projects which did not hire any staff for a leader role .
Show me the project ids of the projects which did not hire any staff for a leader role . How about those without a researcher role ?
Show me the project ids of the projects which did not hire any staff for a leader role . How about those without a researcher role ? What are their details ?
Show me the project ids of the projects which did not hire any staff for a leader role . How about those without a researcher role ? What are their details ? List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role.
Show me the task ids for projects detailed as 'omnis ' .
Show me the task ids for projects detailed as 'omnis ' . How about the project id for projects which are detailed as 'omnis ' or have more than 2 outcomes ?
Show me the task ids for projects detailed as 'omnis ' . How about the project id for projects which are detailed as 'omnis ' or have more than 2 outcomes ? List the corresponding task details and task id as well .
Show me the task ids for projects detailed as 'omnis ' . How about the project id for projects which are detailed as 'omnis ' or have more than 2 outcomes ? List the corresponding task details and task id as well . What are the task details, task id and project id for the projects which are detailed as 'omnis' or  have more than 2 outcomes?
Show me all the research outcome .
Show me all the research outcome . List those described with the substring 'Published ' in the result .
Show me all the research outcome . List those described with the substring 'Published ' in the result . How about the project details of the result ?
Show me all the research outcome . List those described with the substring 'Published ' in the result . How about the project details of the result ? List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with the substring 'Published'.
Show me the number of staff for project with id 1 .
Show me the number of staff for project with id 1 . How about the number of staff each project has ? List the project id and the number .
Show me the number of staff for project with id 1 . How about the number of staff each project has ? List the project id and the number . Order the result by ascending number of staff .
Show me the number of staff for project with id 1 . How about the number of staff each project has ? List the project id and the number . Order the result by ascending number of staff . How many staff does each project has? List the project id and the number in an ascending order.
Show me the end date of all projects staff .
Show me the end date of all projects staff . What about the start date ?
Show me the end date of all projects staff . What about the start date ? What 's the earliest date among the result ?
Show me the end date of all projects staff . What about the start date ? What 's the earliest date among the result ? When did the first staff for the projects started working?
Show me the project ids of all projects .
Show me the project ids of all projects . Which of those had the most number of outcomes ?
Show me the project ids of all projects . Which of those had the most number of outcomes ? Show me the project details as well .
Show me the project ids of all projects . Which of those had the most number of outcomes ? Show me the project details as well . Which project made the most number of outcomes? List the project details and the project id.
Show me all the ids of projects with outcomes .
Show me all the ids of projects with outcomes . How many projects do not have outcome ?
Show me all the ids of projects with outcomes . How many projects do not have outcome ? List their details .
Show me all the ids of projects with outcomes . How many projects do not have outcome ? List their details . Which projects have no outcome? List the project details.
Show me the number of research staff each organisation hired .
Show me the number of research staff each organisation hired . Which organisation hired the least number ? Show ids .
Show me the number of research staff each organisation hired . Which organisation hired the least number ? Show ids . How about the most number of research staff . List the organisation id , type and detail .
Show me the number of research staff each organisation hired . Which organisation hired the least number ? Show ids . How about the most number of research staff . List the organisation id , type and detail . Which organisation hired the most number of research staff? List the organisation id, type and detail.
What are the number of project outcomes each project staff involved in ?
What are the number of project outcomes each project staff involved in ? Who is involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show ids .
What are the number of project outcomes each project staff involved in ? Who is involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show ids . Give me the person 's role description .
What are the number of project outcomes each project staff involved in ? Who is involved in the most number of project outcomes ? Show ids . Give me the person 's role description . Show the role description and the id of the project staff involved in most number of project outcomes?
Show me all the document type description .
Show me all the document type description . How about document type code ?
Show me all the document type description . How about document type code ? Which one is described with the prefix 'Initial ' ?
Show me all the document type description . How about document type code ? Which one is described with the prefix 'Initial ' ? Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial'?
Show me all the grants start dates .
Show me all the grants start dates . Which ones of those have documents described as 'Regular ' ?
Show me all the grants start dates . Which ones of those have documents described as 'Regular ' ? How about ones that have both documents described as 'Regular ' and documents described as 'Initial Application ' ?
Show me all the grants start dates . Which ones of those have documents described as 'Regular ' ? How about ones that have both documents described as 'Regular ' and documents described as 'Initial Application ' ? For grants with both documents described as 'Regular' and documents described as 'Initial Application', list its start date.
How many documents are there ?
How many documents are there ? How many documents does each grant have ? List the grant id and number .
How many documents are there ? How many documents does each grant have ? List the grant id and number . Give me the one having the most documents .
How many documents are there ? How many documents does each grant have ? List the grant id and number . Give me the one having the most documents . How many documents can one grant have at most? List the grant id and number.
Show me the organisation types .
Show me the organisation types . How about the type description ?
Show me the organisation types . How about the type description ? Find the ones detailed as `` quo '' .
Show me the organisation types . How about the type description ? Find the ones detailed as `` quo '' . Find the organisation type description of the organisation detailed as 'quo'.
Show me all the details of organisations .
Show me all the details of organisations . Among the result , which ones are described as 'Sponsor ' ?
Show me all the details of organisations . Among the result , which ones are described as 'Sponsor ' ? Sort the result in an ascending order .
Show me all the details of organisations . Among the result , which ones are described as 'Sponsor ' ? Sort the result in an ascending order . What are all the details of the organisations described as 'Sponsor'? Sort the result in an ascending order.
Show me the number of project staffs .
Show me the number of project staffs . How many of those worked as leaders ?
Show me the number of project staffs . How many of those worked as leaders ? How about the number of those who either worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' ?
Show me the number of project staffs . How many of those worked as leaders ? How about the number of those who either worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54 ' ? How many project staff worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
What are the start dates of project staff ?
What are the start dates of project staff ? What about the end date of them ?
What are the start dates of project staff ? What about the end date of them ? What 's the last date among the result ?
What are the start dates of project staff ? What about the end date of them ? What 's the last date among the result ? What is the last date of the staff leaving the projects?
Give me the outcome descriptions of research outcomes .
Give me the outcome descriptions of research outcomes . What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sed ' ?
Give me the outcome descriptions of research outcomes . What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sed ' ? How about 'sint ' ?
Give me the outcome descriptions of research outcomes . What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sed ' ? How about 'sint ' ? What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sint'?
Show me the outcome count for each organisation .
Show me the outcome count for each organisation . Which organisation has the least number of outcome ? Show ids .
Show me the outcome count for each organisation . Which organisation has the least number of outcome ? Show ids . How about the one with the most outcome count ? Show the count as well .
Show me the outcome count for each organisation . Which organisation has the least number of outcome ? Show ids . How about the one with the most outcome count ? Show the count as well . List the organisation id with the maximum outcome count, and the count.
What 're the project details ?
What 're the project details ? Show me only the one launched by the organisation with the most number of projects .
What 're the project details ? Show me only the one launched by the organisation with the most number of projects . How about the one with most projects ?
What 're the project details ? Show me only the one launched by the organisation with the most number of projects . How about the one with most projects ? List the project details of the projects launched by the organisation with the most number of projects.
How tasks are there ?
How tasks are there ? How many tasks does each project have ?
How tasks are there ? How many tasks does each project have ? Show the project details as well .
How tasks are there ? How many tasks does each project have ? Show the project details as well . How many tasks does each project have? List the task count and the project detail.
Show me all the role codes .
Show me all the role codes . How about those of staff who starts working after 2003-04-19 15:06:20 ?
Show me all the role codes . How about those of staff who starts working after 2003-04-19 15:06:20 ? List those of the staff who starts working after 2003-04-19 15:06:20 and ends working before 2016-03-15 00:33:18 ?
Show me all the role codes . How about those of staff who starts working after 2003-04-19 15:06:20 ? List those of the staff who starts working after 2003-04-19 15:06:20 and ends working before 2016-03-15 00:33:18 ? What are the staff roles of the staff who starts working after 2003-04-19 15:06:20 and ends working before 2016-03-15 00:33:18?
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? Give me the titles of those who are published by `` Jeremy Gibbons '' ?
What are all the papers ? Give me the titles of those who are published by `` Jeremy Gibbons '' ? What are the titles of papers published by "Jeremy Gibbons"?
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? Show me the ones that are published by `` Aaron Turon '' .
What are all the papers ? Show me the ones that are published by `` Aaron Turon '' . Find all the papers published by "Aaron Turon".
How many papers are there ?
How many papers are there ? How many authors are there ?
How many papers are there ? How many authors are there ? How many of those papers are published by `` Atsushi Ohori '' ?
How many papers are there ? How many authors are there ? How many of those papers are published by `` Atsushi Ohori '' ? How many papers have "Atsushi Ohori" published?
What are the names of all the institutions ?
What are the names of all the institutions ? Which one does `` Matthias Blume '' belong to ?
What are the names of all the institutions ? Which one does `` Matthias Blume '' belong to ? What is the name of the institution that "Matthias Blume" belongs to?
What are all the institutions ?
What are all the institutions ? Which one does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ?
What are all the institutions ? Which one does `` Katsuhiro Ueno '' belong to ? Which institution does "Katsuhiro Ueno" belong to?
Show me the name of all the institutions ?
Show me the name of all the institutions ? show me the name of all the authors ?
Show me the name of all the institutions ? show me the name of all the authors ? Give me the first names and last names of those belong to the `` University of Oxford '' .
Show me the name of all the institutions ? show me the name of all the authors ? Give me the first names and last names of those belong to the `` University of Oxford '' . Who belong to the institution "University of Oxford"? Show the first names and last names.
What are the name of all the institutions ?
What are the name of all the institutions ? Who are the name of all the authors ?
What are the name of all the institutions ? Who are the name of all the authors ? Give me those belong to `` Google '' .
What are the name of all the institutions ? Who are the name of all the authors ? Give me those belong to `` Google '' . Which authors belong to the institution "Google"? Show the first names and last names.
What are the name of all the authors ?
What are the name of all the authors ? Who published the paper `` Binders Unbound '' ?
What are the name of all the authors ? Who published the paper `` Binders Unbound '' ? Give me only the last names .
What are the name of all the authors ? Who published the paper `` Binders Unbound '' ? Give me only the last names . What are the last names of the author of the paper titled "Binders Unbound"?
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the authors ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the authors ? Who wrote the paper `` Nameless , Painless '' ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the authors ? Who wrote the paper `` Nameless , Painless '' ? Find the first and last name of the author(s) who wrote the paper "Nameless, Painless".
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the institutions ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the institutions ? Which papers are published under `` Indiana University '' ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the institutions ? Which papers are published under `` Indiana University '' ? What are the papers published under the institution "Indiana University"?
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? Give me information about the institution `` Google '' .
What are all the papers ? Give me information about the institution `` Google '' . Which papers did it publish ?
What are all the papers ? Give me information about the institution `` Google '' . Which papers did it publish ? Find all the papers published by the institution "Google".
How many papers are there ?
How many papers are there ? What are all the institutions ?
How many papers are there ? What are all the institutions ? How many papers are published by `` Tokohu University '' ?
How many papers are there ? What are all the institutions ? How many papers are published by `` Tokohu University '' ? How many papers are published by the institution "Tokohu University"?
How many papers are there ?
How many papers are there ? What are all the institutions ?
How many papers are there ? What are all the institutions ? Give me the number of papers published by `` '' University of Pennsylvania '' '' .
How many papers are there ? What are all the institutions ? Give me the number of papers published by `` '' University of Pennsylvania '' '' . Find the number of papers published by the institution "University of Pennsylvania".
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the authors ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the authors ? Which papers did `` Olin Shivers '' write ?
What are all the papers ? What are the name of all the authors ? Which papers did `` Olin Shivers '' write ? Find the papers which have "Olin Shivers" as an author.
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? What are all the authors ?
What are all the papers ? What are all the authors ? Which papers did `` Stephanie Weirich '' write ?
What are all the papers ? What are all the authors ? Which papers did `` Stephanie Weirich '' write ? Which papers have "Stephanie Weirich" as an author?
What are all institutions in `` USA '' ?
What are all institutions in `` USA '' ? What papers did they publish ?
What are all institutions in `` USA '' ? What papers did they publish ? Among those , which have `` Turon '' as its second author ?
What are all institutions in `` USA '' ? What papers did they publish ? Among those , which have `` Turon '' as its second author ? Which paper is published in an institution in "USA" and have "Turon" as its second author?
What are all institutions in `` Japan '' ?
What are all institutions in `` Japan '' ? Which authors belong to them ?
What are all institutions in `` Japan '' ? Which authors belong to them ? Who has last name `` Ohori '' ?
What are all institutions in `` Japan '' ? Which authors belong to them ? Who has last name `` Ohori '' ? Give me the titles of papers he wrote as the first author .
What are all institutions in `` Japan '' ? Which authors belong to them ? Who has last name `` Ohori '' ? Give me the titles of papers he wrote as the first author . Find the titles of papers whose first author is affiliated with an institution in the country "Japan" and has last name "Ohori"?
What are the name of all the authors ?
What are the name of all the authors ? How many papers did each of them publish ?
What are the name of all the authors ? How many papers did each of them publish ? Who published the most ? Give me the last name .
What are the name of all the authors ? How many papers did each of them publish ? Who published the most ? Give me the last name . What is the last name of the author that has published the most papers?
What are all the countries ?
What are all the countries ? How many papers did each of them publish ?
What are all the countries ? How many papers did each of them publish ? Which country published the most ?
What are all the countries ? How many papers did each of them publish ? Which country published the most ? Retrieve the country that has published the most papers.
What are the name of all the organizations ?
What are the name of all the organizations ? How many papers did each of them publish ?
What are the name of all the organizations ? How many papers did each of them publish ? Give me the name of the one published the most .
What are the name of all the organizations ? How many papers did each of them publish ? Give me the name of the one published the most . Find the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers.
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? Which contains the word `` ML '' ? Give me the titles of them .
What are all the papers ? Which contains the word `` ML '' ? Give me the titles of them . Find the titles of the papers that contain the word "ML".
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? Which contains the word `` Database '' ? Give me the titles of them .
What are all the papers ? Which contains the word `` Database '' ? Give me the titles of them . Which paper's title contains the word "Database"?
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? Give me those whose title contains `` Functional '' .
What are all the papers ? Give me those whose title contains `` Functional '' . Who wrote any of those ? Give me the first names only .
What are all the papers ? Give me those whose title contains `` Functional '' . Who wrote any of those ? Give me the first names only . Find the first names of all the authors who have written a paper with title containing the word "Functional".
What are all the papers ?
What are all the papers ? Give me those whose title contains `` Monadic '' .
What are all the papers ? Give me those whose title contains `` Monadic '' . Who wrote any of those ? Give me the last names only .
What are all the papers ? Give me those whose title contains `` Monadic '' . Who wrote any of those ? Give me the last names only . Find the last names of all the authors that have written a paper with title containing the word "Monadic".
How many custmers are there ?
How many custmers are there ? How many customers are there that have account name 162 ?
How many custmers are there ? How many customers are there that have account name 162 ? Show his first name , last name , and phone .
How many custmers are there ? How many customers are there that have account name 162 ? Show his first name , last name , and phone . What is the first name, last name, and phone of the customer with account name 162?
Show the information of the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte .
Show the information of the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte . Please show the account information of this customer .
Show the information of the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte . Please show the account information of this customer . How many accounts are there ?
Show the information of the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte . Please show the account information of this customer . How many accounts are there ? How many accounts does the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte have?
How many accounts are there ?
How many accounts are there ? How many accounts does each customer have ?
How many accounts are there ? How many accounts does each customer have ? Which customer has most accounts ? Show its id .
How many accounts are there ? How many accounts does each customer have ? Which customer has most accounts ? Show its id . Please also show the number of his accounts .
How many accounts are there ? How many accounts does each customer have ? Which customer has most accounts ? Show its id . Please also show the number of his accounts . Show the customer id and number of accounts with most accounts.
How many accounts are there ?
How many accounts are there ? Which customer has least number of accounts ?
How many accounts are there ? Which customer has least number of accounts ? Please also show his id .
How many accounts are there ? Which customer has least number of accounts ? Please also show his id . What is the customer first, last name and id with least number of accounts.
How many customer are there ?
How many customer are there ? How many accounts are there ?
How many customer are there ? How many accounts are there ? So , how many customers are there that does not have an account ?
How many customer are there ? How many accounts are there ? So , how many customers are there that does not have an account ? Show the number of all customers without an account.
How many customers are there ?
How many customers are there ? Who have at least one accounts ?
How many customers are there ? Who have at least one accounts ? Who does not have any accounts ?
How many customers are there ? Who have at least one accounts ? Who does not have any accounts ? Show his first names and last names .
How many customers are there ? Who have at least one accounts ? Who does not have any accounts ? Show his first names and last names . Show the first names and last names of customers without any account.
What information do you have for the customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest ?
What information do you have for the customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest ? Show her address please .
What information do you have for the customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest ? Show her address please . What is the phone and email for this customer ?
What information do you have for the customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest ? Show her address please . What is the phone and email for this customer ? What is the phone and email for customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest?
How many cards are there ?
How many cards are there ? Who has the card 4560596484842 ? Show full name .
How many cards are there ? Who has the card 4560596484842 ? Show full name . Please also show his phone number .
How many cards are there ? Who has the card 4560596484842 ? Show full name . Please also show his phone number . What is the first name, last name, and phone of the customer with card 4560596484842.
What information can you provide for the customer Art Turcotte ?
What information can you provide for the customer Art Turcotte ? What is his phone number ?
What information can you provide for the customer Art Turcotte ? What is his phone number ? How many cards does he have ?
What information can you provide for the customer Art Turcotte ? What is his phone number ? How many cards does he have ? How many cards does customer Art Turcotte have?
List all the event ids with the type code being `` Death Proof '' .
List all the event ids with the type code being `` Death Proof '' . What about 'Marriage ' ?
List all the event ids with the type code being `` Death Proof '' . What about 'Marriage ' ? What are the event details of them ?
List all the event ids with the type code being `` Death Proof '' . What about 'Marriage ' ? What are the event details of them ? what are the event details of the services that have the type code 'Marriage'?
How many participants are there for event 3 ?
How many participants are there for event 3 ? How many events have 3 participants , list the event id and details .
How many participants are there for event 3 ? How many events have 3 participants , list the event id and details . What about more than one participants ?
How many participants are there for event 3 ? How many events have 3 participants , list the event id and details . What about more than one participants ? What are the ids and details of events that have more than one participants?
List all the events that participant 66 has joined .
List all the events that participant 66 has joined . How many events are there ?
List all the events that participant 66 has joined . How many events are there ? Show how many events for each participant that one has attended , keep the participant id , type and the count .
List all the events that participant 66 has joined . How many events are there ? Show how many events for each participant that one has attended , keep the participant id , type and the count . How many events have each participants attended? List the participant id, type and the number.
Show all the information about participants .
Show all the information about participants . What are the participant ids , type code and details about them ?
Show all the information about participants . What are the participant ids , type code and details about them ? What are all the the participant ids, type code and details?
How many unique participant types are there ?
How many unique participant types are there ? How many people are with the type 'Participant ' ?
How many unique participant types are there ? How many people are with the type 'Participant ' ? What about 'Organizer ' ?
How many unique participant types are there ? How many people are with the type 'Participant ' ? What about 'Organizer ' ? How many participants belong to the type 'Organizer'?
How many service type codes are there ?
How many service type codes are there ? Order them in alphabetical order .
How many service type codes are there ? Order them in alphabetical order . List the type of the services in alphabetical order.
List all the information about events .
List all the information about events . Only keep service id and details .
List all the information about events . Only keep service id and details . List the service id and details for the events.
How many events are there in total ?
How many events are there in total ? Among those , which of them had participants whose details had the substring 'Miss '
How many events are there in total ? Among those , which of them had participants whose details had the substring 'Miss ' What about 'Dr . ' ?
How many events are there in total ? Among those , which of them had participants whose details had the substring 'Miss ' What about 'Dr . ' ? How many are there in total ?
How many events are there in total ? Among those , which of them had participants whose details had the substring 'Miss ' What about 'Dr . ' ? How many are there in total ? How many events had participants whose details had the substring 'Dr.'
List all the participant types .
List all the participant types . How many unique participant types are there ?
List all the participant types . How many unique participant types are there ? Among those which one is the most popular one ?
List all the participant types . How many unique participant types are there ? Among those which one is the most popular one ? What is the most common participant type?
Count the number of participants for each event .
Count the number of participants for each event . Among those , which event id has the least participants ?
Count the number of participants for each event . Among those , which event id has the least participants ? What service id is it ?
Count the number of participants for each event . Among those , which event id has the least participants ? What service id is it ? Also list the service type of it .
Count the number of participants for each event . Among those , which event id has the least participants ? What service id is it ? Also list the service type of it . Which service id and type has the least number of participants?
Count the number of participants for each event .
Count the number of participants for each event . Among those , which event id has the least participants ?
Count the number of participants for each event . Among those , which event id has the least participants ? What about the one that has the mose participants ?
Count the number of participants for each event . Among those , which event id has the least participants ? What about the one that has the mose participants ? What is the id of the event with the most participants?
How many events are there ?
How many events are there ? List the events that have participant details with 'Lupe Deckow ' ?
How many events are there ? List the events that have participant details with 'Lupe Deckow ' ? What about the ones with 'Kenyatta Kuhn ' ?
How many events are there ? List the events that have participant details with 'Lupe Deckow ' ? What about the ones with 'Kenyatta Kuhn ' ? Show the id of the events where the above participants did not participate .
How many events are there ? List the events that have participant details with 'Lupe Deckow ' ? What about the ones with 'Kenyatta Kuhn ' ? Show the id of the events where the above participants did not participate . Which events id does not have any participant with detail 'Kenyatta Kuhn'?
List all the service types .
List all the service types . Which service code has successful details ?
List all the service types . Which service code has successful details ? Then which has both successful and failure event details ?
List all the service types . Which service code has successful details ? Then which has both successful and failure event details ? Which services type had both successful and failure event details?
How many events are there ?
How many events are there ? List all the event ids .
How many events are there ? List all the event ids . Show all the event information if the event has someone participated .
How many events are there ? List all the event ids . Show all the event information if the event has someone participated . How about nobody has participated ?
How many events are there ? List all the event ids . Show all the event information if the event has someone participated . How about nobody has participated ? How many are there ?
How many events are there ? List all the event ids . Show all the event information if the event has someone participated . How about nobody has participated ? How many are there ? How many events did not have any participants?
Show all body builder information .
Show all body builder information . Then how many are there ?
Show all body builder information . Then how many are there ? How many body builders are there?
What are the total scores for each body builder ?
What are the total scores for each body builder ? How do you order them in ascending order ?
What are the total scores for each body builder ? How do you order them in ascending order ? List the total scores of body builders in ascending order.
What are the snatch scores of each body builder ?
What are the snatch scores of each body builder ? What are the snatch score and clean jerk score of each body_builder ?
What are the snatch scores of each body builder ? What are the snatch score and clean jerk score of each body_builder ? Order the results in ascending order of snatch score .
What are the snatch scores of each body builder ? What are the snatch score and clean jerk score of each body_builder ? Order the results in ascending order of snatch score . List the snatch score and clean jerk score of body builders in ascending order of snatch score.
What is the snatch score of each body builder ?
What is the snatch score of each body builder ? What is the minimum value of the them ?
What is the snatch score of each body builder ? What is the minimum value of the them ? What about the mean value ?
What is the snatch score of each body builder ? What is the minimum value of the them ? What about the mean value ? What is the average snatch score of body builders?
What are all the information about the body builders ?
What are all the information about the body builders ? Which have the top three total score ?
What are all the information about the body builders ? Which have the top three total score ? What about top one ?
What are all the information about the body builders ? Which have the top three total score ? What about top one ? Show the clean and jerk score of it .
What are all the information about the body builders ? Which have the top three total score ? What about top one ? Show the clean and jerk score of it . What are the clean and jerk score of the body builder with the highest total score?
Show everything about the people .
Show everything about the people . What are the birthdays ?
Show everything about the people . What are the birthdays ? Order the results in descending order of height .
Show everything about the people . What are the birthdays ? Order the results in descending order of height . What about ascending order ?
Show everything about the people . What are the birthdays ? Order the results in descending order of height . What about ascending order ? What are the birthdays of people in ascending order of height?
What are the names of all the people ?
What are the names of all the people ? How many are there ?
What are the names of all the people ? How many are there ? Show the names of body builders .
What are the names of all the people ? How many are there ? Show the names of body builders . What are the names of body builders?
What are the names of all the people ?
What are the names of all the people ? Show the names of body builders .
What are the names of all the people ? Show the names of body builders . Among those , which total score is higher than 200 ?
What are the names of all the people ? Show the names of body builders . Among those , which total score is higher than 200 ? What about higher than 300 ?
What are the names of all the people ? Show the names of body builders . Among those , which total score is higher than 200 ? What about higher than 300 ? What are the names of body builders whose total score is higher than 300?
What are the names of all the people ?
What are the names of all the people ? Show the names of body builders .
What are the names of all the people ? Show the names of body builders . Show the names of them which has the greatest body weight .
What are the names of all the people ? Show the names of body builders . Show the names of them which has the greatest body weight . What is the name of the body builder with the greatest body weight?
Show the information of all the people .
Show the information of all the people . Show the Birth Date and Birth Place about each one .
Show the information of all the people . Show the Birth Date and Birth Place about each one . What about the body builders ?
Show the information of all the people . Show the Birth Date and Birth Place about each one . What about the body builders ? Among those , show the three which have the highest total points ?
Show the information of all the people . Show the Birth Date and Birth Place about each one . What about the body builders ? Among those , show the three which have the highest total points ? What about the highest total point ?
Show the information of all the people . Show the Birth Date and Birth Place about each one . What about the body builders ? Among those , show the three which have the highest total points ? What about the highest total point ? What are the birth date and birth place of the body builder with the highest total points?
What are the heights of the people ?
What are the heights of the people ? What is the average ?
What are the heights of the people ? What is the average ? What are the heights of the body builders ?
What are the heights of the people ? What is the average ? What are the heights of the body builders ? For those results , which ones have weight larger than 91.0 ?
What are the heights of the people ? What is the average ? What are the heights of the body builders ? For those results , which ones have weight larger than 91.0 ? What about the total score is smaller than 315 ?
What are the heights of the people ? What is the average ? What are the heights of the body builders ? For those results , which ones have weight larger than 91.0 ? What about the total score is smaller than 315 ? What are the heights of body builders with total score smaller than 315?
What are the total scores of body builder ?
What are the total scores of body builder ? How about the average value of those scores ?
What are the total scores of body builder ? How about the average value of those scores ? What are the average scores of those results where the people weight is larger than 100.0 ?
What are the total scores of body builder ? How about the average value of those scores ? What are the average scores of those results where the people weight is larger than 100.0 ? What about the people height larger than 200 ?
What are the total scores of body builder ? How about the average value of those scores ? What are the average scores of those results where the people weight is larger than 100.0 ? What about the people height larger than 200 ? What is the average total score of body builders with height bigger than 200?
What are the names of body builders ?
What are the names of body builders ? List these results in ascending order by the weight .
What are the names of body builders ? List these results in ascending order by the weight . Now list them in descending order by the total score .
What are the names of body builders ? List these results in ascending order by the weight . Now list them in descending order by the total score . What are the names of body builders in descending order of total scores?
What are the birth places ?
What are the birth places ? How many people in each birth place ?
What are the birth places ? How many people in each birth place ? List each birth place along with the number of people from there.
What are the information of all the people ?
What are the information of all the people ? What are the birth places of all the people ?
What are the information of all the people ? What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ?
What are the information of all the people ? What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ? What are the four most popular birth places ?
What are the information of all the people ? What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ? What are the four most popular birth places ? What about top one ?
What are the information of all the people ? What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ? What are the four most popular birth places ? What about top one ? What is the most common birth place of people?
What are the birth places of all the people ?
What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ?
What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ? Keep the birth places where the birth place is only token by one person .
What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ? Keep the birth places where the birth place is only token by one person . What about at least two people ?
What are the birth places of all the people ? How many people in each of the birth place ? Keep the birth places where the birth place is only token by one person . What about at least two people ? What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people?
What are the heights and weights of all the people ?
What are the heights and weights of all the people ? Show those results in descending order ?
What are the heights and weights of all the people ? Show those results in descending order ? List the height and weight of people in descending order of height.
What information about all the body builders ?
What information about all the body builders ? Show all information about each body builder.
Show the name and birth place about the people .
Show the name and birth place about the people . Show that of all the body builders
Show the name and birth place about the people . Show that of all the body builders What are the name and birth place of people who are not body builders ?
Show the name and birth place about the people . Show that of all the body builders What are the name and birth place of people who are not body builders ? List the names and origins of people who are not body builders.
What are the birth places are there ?
What are the birth places are there ? What are the unique birth places ?
What are the birth places are there ? What are the unique birth places ? How many are there ?
What are the birth places are there ? What are the unique birth places ? How many are there ? How many distinct birth places are there?
Show the people Id of the body builders .
Show the people Id of the body builders . Which people are there ?
Show the people Id of the body builders . Which people are there ? What about people who are not there ?
Show the people Id of the body builders . Which people are there ? What about people who are not there ? How many such people in total ?
Show the people Id of the body builders . Which people are there ? What about people who are not there ? How many such people in total ? How many persons are not body builders?
What are the weights of the body builders ?
What are the weights of the body builders ? With those weights , keep the ones whose snatch score is higher 180 .
What are the weights of the body builders ? With those weights , keep the ones whose snatch score is higher 180 . What about higher than 140 or the height is greater than 200 ?
What are the weights of the body builders ? With those weights , keep the ones whose snatch score is higher 180 . What about higher than 140 or the height is greater than 200 ? List the weight of the body builders who have snatch score higher than 140 or have the height greater than 200.
What are the total scores of the body builders
What are the total scores of the body builders Among those , show the one who was born in May .
What are the total scores of the body builders Among those , show the one who was born in May . What about born in January ?
What are the total scores of the body builders Among those , show the one who was born in May . What about born in January ? What are the total scores of the body builders whose birthday contains the string "January" ?
List all the pilots .
List all the pilots . How many are there ?
List all the pilots . How many are there ? How many pilots are there?
Show all the pilot names
Show all the pilot names How many in total ?
Show all the pilot names How many in total ? Order them in ascending order of the rank .
Show all the pilot names How many in total ? Order them in ascending order of the rank . List the names of pilots in ascending order of rank.
Show all the pilot names and positions .
Show all the pilot names and positions . What about the pilot names and their teams ?
Show all the pilot names and positions . What about the pilot names and their teams ? What are the positions and teams of pilots?
Show all the pilot names and positions
Show all the pilot names and positions Show all the names and their age ?
Show all the pilot names and positions Show all the names and their age ? Keep those who are 37 years old .
Show all the pilot names and positions Show all the names and their age ? Keep those who are 37 years old . Show the distinct positions of pilots older than 30 .
Show all the pilot names and positions Show all the names and their age ? Keep those who are 37 years old . Show the distinct positions of pilots older than 30 . List the distinct positions of pilots older than 30.
List all pilot names with there team name .
List all pilot names with there team name . Among those , which are from the Team `` Bradley '' ?
List all pilot names with there team name . Among those , which are from the Team `` Bradley '' ? What about `` Eau Claire High School '' ?
List all pilot names with there team name . Among those , which are from the Team `` Bradley '' ? What about `` Eau Claire High School '' ? What about `` Bradley '' or `` Fordham '' ?
List all pilot names with there team name . Among those , which are from the Team `` Bradley '' ? What about `` Eau Claire High School '' ? What about `` Bradley '' or `` Fordham '' ? Show the names of pilots from team "Bradley" or "Fordham".
Show all the pilot names and the join years .
Show all the pilot names and the join years . How many unique years are there ?
Show all the pilot names and the join years . How many unique years are there ? List the years by the pilot rank in ascending order .
Show all the pilot names and the join years . How many unique years are there ? List the years by the pilot rank in ascending order . In which join year , the pilot has the highest rank ?
Show all the pilot names and the join years . How many unique years are there ? List the years by the pilot rank in ascending order . In which join year , the pilot has the highest rank ? What is the joined year of the pilot of the highest rank?
Show the pilot names and their nationalities .
Show the pilot names and their nationalities . Which nationalities have the pilots whose position is `` Center Team '' ?
Show the pilot names and their nationalities . Which nationalities have the pilots whose position is `` Center Team '' ? Show the nationalities and the number of pilots for each .
Show the pilot names and their nationalities . Which nationalities have the pilots whose position is `` Center Team '' ? Show the nationalities and the number of pilots for each . What are the different nationalities of pilots? Show each nationality and the number of pilots of each nationality.
Show the pilot names and their nationalities .
Show the pilot names and their nationalities . Which nationalities have the pilots who is younger than 34 ?
Show the pilot names and their nationalities . Which nationalities have the pilots who is younger than 34 ? Show each one and the number of pilots .
Show the pilot names and their nationalities . Which nationalities have the pilots who is younger than 34 ? Show each one and the number of pilots . Among those , which one is the most popular one ?
Show the pilot names and their nationalities . Which nationalities have the pilots who is younger than 34 ? Show each one and the number of pilots . Among those , which one is the most popular one ? Show the most common nationality of pilots.
List all the pilot positions .
List all the pilot positions . Keep the ones whose age is younger than 35
List all the pilot positions . Keep the ones whose age is younger than 35 What about the join year is early than 2000 ?
List all the pilot positions . Keep the ones whose age is younger than 35 What about the join year is early than 2000 ? What about in the range of year f2000 and 2005 ?
List all the pilot positions . Keep the ones whose age is younger than 35 What about the join year is early than 2000 ? What about in the range of year f2000 and 2005 ? Show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000.
What are all the information about the pilots ?
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ?
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ? How about the aircraft models ?
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ? How about the aircraft models ? Show all the flying records with the pilot names and the aircraft 's models .
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ? How about the aircraft models ? Show all the flying records with the pilot names and the aircraft 's models . Show the names of pilots and models of aircrafts they have flied with.
What are all the information about the pilots ?
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ?
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ? Show all the flying records with the pilot names and the aircraft 's sleet series .
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ? Show all the flying records with the pilot names and the aircraft 's sleet series . Now show those results in ascending order of the pilot age .
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ? Show all the flying records with the pilot names and the aircraft 's sleet series . Now show those results in ascending order of the pilot age . What about in ascending order of the pilot rank ?
What are all the information about the pilots ? What about the fleet series ? Show all the flying records with the pilot names and the aircraft 's sleet series . Now show those results in ascending order of the pilot age . What about in ascending order of the pilot rank ? Show the names of pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flied with in ascending order of the rank of the pilot.
Show all the fleet series ?
Show all the fleet series ? Which aircrafts have been flied by pilot whose name is `` Charles Oakley '' ?
Show all the fleet series ? Which aircrafts have been flied by pilot whose name is `` Charles Oakley '' ? What about the ones that have been flied by pilots younger than 34
Show all the fleet series ? Which aircrafts have been flied by pilot whose name is `` Charles Oakley '' ? What about the ones that have been flied by pilots younger than 34 Show the fleet series of the aircrafts flied by pilots younger than 34
How many records in total ?
How many records in total ? Show the pilot names where there is at lease one record .
How many records in total ? Show the pilot names where there is at lease one record . Show the names and the corresponding number of records .
How many records in total ? Show the pilot names where there is at lease one record . Show the names and the corresponding number of records . Show the names of pilots and the number of records they have.
How many records are there ?
How many records are there ? Show the pilot names where there is at lease one record .
How many records are there ? Show the pilot names where there is at lease one record . Which pilot has only one record ?
How many records are there ? Show the pilot names where there is at lease one record . Which pilot has only one record ? What about the ones who have more than one record ?
How many records are there ? Show the pilot names where there is at lease one record . Which pilot has only one record ? What about the ones who have more than one record ? Show names of pilots that have more than one record.
Which trips have the oldest ids ? Limit it to 3 .
Which trips have the oldest ids ? Limit it to 3 . Just show information on the start station and end station for those .
Which trips have the oldest ids ? Limit it to 3 . Just show information on the start station and end station for those . Give me the start station and end station for the trips with the three oldest ids.
Which stations are located in San Jose City ?
Which stations are located in San Jose City ? For those , which are their latitude and longitude ?
Which stations are located in San Jose City ? For those , which are their latitude and longitude ? Take averages .
Which stations are located in San Jose City ? For those , which are their latitude and longitude ? Take averages . What is the average latitude and longitude of stations located in San Jose city?
Order the trips by duration , ascending .
Order the trips by duration , ascending . Limit it to the ids .
Order the trips by duration , ascending . Limit it to the ids . Limit it to the shortest duration .
Order the trips by duration , ascending . Limit it to the ids . Limit it to the shortest duration . What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration?
Show records of trips with bike id 636 .
Show records of trips with bike id 636 . just show the durations .
Show records of trips with bike id 636 . just show the durations . Take a sum and max .
Show records of trips with bike id 636 . just show the durations . Take a sum and max . What is the total and maximum duration of trips with bike id 636?
Show weather records from August .
Show weather records from August . Just show the mean temperature in those records .
Show weather records from August . Just show the mean temperature in those records . Group by zipcode and average those records .
Show weather records from August . Just show the mean temperature in those records . Group by zipcode and average those records . For each zip code, return the average mean temperature of August there.
Which station ids ever had 7 bikes available ?
Which station ids ever had 7 bikes available ? Give the names for those stations .
Which station ids ever had 7 bikes available ? Give the names for those stations . Return the unique name for stations that have ever had 7 bikes available.
Show trip records from August .
Show trip records from August . Limit that to the start station name and id .
Show trip records from August . Limit that to the start station name and id . Which start station had the most trips starting from August ? Give me the name and id of the station .
Show trip records from August . Limit that to the start station name and id . Which start station had the most trips starting from August ? Give me the name and id of the station . Which start station had the most trips starting from August? Give me the name and id of the station.
Show bike ids that traveled in zip code 94002 .
Show bike ids that traveled in zip code 94002 . Which traveled there most often ?
Show bike ids that traveled in zip code 94002 . Which traveled there most often ? Which bike traveled the most often in zip code 94002?
Show the records of weather events with both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8 .
Show the records of weather events with both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8 . Count those days .
Show the records of weather events with both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8 . Count those days . How many days had both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8?
Give records on the lengths of trips .
Give records on the lengths of trips . Give records on the shortest trip .
Give records on the lengths of trips . Give records on the shortest trip . From which station id did it originate ?
Give records on the lengths of trips . Give records on the shortest trip . From which station id did it originate ? For that start station id , give latitude , longitude , and city .
Give records on the lengths of trips . Give records on the shortest trip . From which station id did it originate ? For that start station id , give latitude , longitude , and city . What is the latitude, longitude, city of the station from which the shortest trip started?
Which station ids have average availability above 10 ?
Which station ids have average availability above 10 ? And which are located in San Francisco ?
Which station ids have average availability above 10 ? And which are located in San Francisco ? Which pass both conditions ?
Which station ids have average availability above 10 ? And which are located in San Francisco ? Which pass both conditions ? What are the ids of stations that are located in San Francisco and have average bike availability above 10.
Show records ( name and id ) of stations installed in December .
Show records ( name and id ) of stations installed in December . Which had more than 14 bikes available ?
Show records ( name and id ) of stations installed in December . Which had more than 14 bikes available ? Union those two .
Show records ( name and id ) of stations installed in December . Which had more than 14 bikes available ? Union those two . What are the names and ids of stations that had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in December?
Show records on cloud cover ?
Show records on cloud cover ? Just for the zip code 94107 .
Show records on cloud cover ? Just for the zip code 94107 . What is the 3 most common cloud cover rates in the region of zip code 94107 ?
Show records on cloud cover ? Just for the zip code 94107 . What is the 3 most common cloud cover rates in the region of zip code 94107 ? What is the 3 most common cloud cover rates in the region of zip code 94107?
Show the records on mean sea level pressure by zip code .
Show the records on mean sea level pressure by zip code . Now group by zip code and average over the pressure .
Show the records on mean sea level pressure by zip code . Now group by zip code and average over the pressure . Which zip code has the lowest of those ?
Show the records on mean sea level pressure by zip code . Now group by zip code and average over the pressure . Which zip code has the lowest of those ? What is the zip code in which the average mean sea level pressure is the lowest?
Which stations are located in `` Palo Alto '' ?
Which stations are located in `` Palo Alto '' ? What is the average bike availability in stations that are not located in Palo Alto ?
Which stations are located in `` Palo Alto '' ? What is the average bike availability in stations that are not located in Palo Alto ? What is the average bike availability in stations that are not located in Palo Alto?
Which station ids ever had bike availability more than 10 ?
Which station ids ever had bike availability more than 10 ? Which did not ?
Which station ids ever had bike availability more than 10 ? Which did not ? For those , take the average longitude .
Which station ids ever had bike availability more than 10 ? Which did not ? For those , take the average longitude . What is the average longitude of stations that never had bike availability more than 10?
Give zip codes from trips .
Give zip codes from trips . Which zip codes had an average mean temperature greater than 60 ?
Give zip codes from trips . Which zip codes had an average mean temperature greater than 60 ? Give me ids for all the trip that took place in a zip code area with average mean temperature above 60 .
Give zip codes from trips . Which zip codes had an average mean temperature greater than 60 ? Give me ids for all the trip that took place in a zip code area with average mean temperature above 60 . Give me ids for all the trip that took place in a zip code area with average mean temperature above 60.
Give weather records with max wind speed greater than or equal to 25 .
Give weather records with max wind speed greater than or equal to 25 . Count the times that event occurred by zip code .
Give weather records with max wind speed greater than or equal to 25 . Count the times that event occurred by zip code . For each zip code, return how many times max wind speed reached 25?
What is the minimum min dew point in zip code 94107 ?
What is the minimum min dew point in zip code 94107 ? Give dates and zip codes with lower min dew points than that , even .
What is the minimum min dew point in zip code 94107 ? Give dates and zip codes with lower min dew points than that , even . On which day and in which zip code was the min dew point lower than any day in zip code 94107?
Show the dock counts of stations .
Show the dock counts of stations . Which dock count is largest ?
Show the dock counts of stations . Which dock count is largest ? Give the trip id of the trip that started there .
Show the dock counts of stations . Which dock count is largest ? Give the trip id of the trip that started there . Which trip started from the station with the largest dock count? Give me the trip id.
Which trips ended in San Francisco ?
Which trips ended in San Francisco ? Which did not ?
Which trips ended in San Francisco ? Which did not ? Count them .
Which trips ended in San Francisco ? Which did not ? Count them . Count the number of trips that did not end in San Francisco city.
Which weather events had Fog or Rain ?
Which weather events had Fog or Rain ? Which had neither ?
Which weather events had Fog or Rain ? Which had neither ? Limit the search to zip code 94107 .
Which weather events had Fog or Rain ? Which had neither ? Limit the search to zip code 94107 . Just give the date .
Which weather events had Fog or Rain ? Which had neither ? Limit the search to zip code 94107 . Just give the date . In zip code 94107, on which day neither Fog nor Rain was observed?
Which station ids ever had bike availability below 7 ?
Which station ids ever had bike availability below 7 ? Which did not ?
Which station ids ever had bike availability below 7 ? Which did not ? Force those stations to additionally have latitude above 37.4 .
Which station ids ever had bike availability below 7 ? Which did not ? Force those stations to additionally have latitude above 37.4 . What are the ids of stations that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7?
Which stations are located in San Jose ?
Which stations are located in San Jose ? What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city ?
Which stations are located in San Jose ? What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city ? What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city?
Give name , latitude , and city from stations .
Give name , latitude , and city from stations . Order that by latitude ascending .
Give name , latitude , and city from stations . Order that by latitude ascending . Just limit it to the lowest latitude .
Give name , latitude , and city from stations . Order that by latitude ascending . Just limit it to the lowest latitude . What are the name, latitude, and city of the station with the lowest latitude?
Which dates had the largest max gust speed ?
Which dates had the largest max gust speed ? Also give mean temperature and mean humidity .
Which dates had the largest max gust speed ? Also give mean temperature and mean humidity . Give the top 3 days instead .
Which dates had the largest max gust speed ? Also give mean temperature and mean humidity . Give the top 3 days instead . What are the date, mean temperature and mean humidity for the top 3 days with the largest max gust speeds?
Which city has the most stations ?
Which city has the most stations ? List the name and the number of stations for all the cities that have at least 15 stations .
Which city has the most stations ? List the name and the number of stations for all the cities that have at least 15 stations . List the name and the number of stations for all the cities that have at least 15 stations.
Give the ids of start stations together with the count of trips originated there .
Give the ids of start stations together with the count of trips originated there . Show the id and name for those with count at least 200 .
Give the ids of start stations together with the count of trips originated there . Show the id and name for those with count at least 200 . Find the ids and names of stations from which at least 200 trips started.
Show the zip codes and average mean visibilities .
Show the zip codes and average mean visibilities . Find the zip code in which the average mean visibility is lower than 10 .
Show the zip codes and average mean visibilities . Find the zip code in which the average mean visibility is lower than 10 . Find the zip code in which the average mean visibility is lower than 10.
What is the highest latitude of any station ?
What is the highest latitude of any station ? Show that for each city
What is the highest latitude of any station ? Show that for each city List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city 's stations ' highest latitude .
What is the highest latitude of any station ? Show that for each city List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city 's stations ' highest latitude . List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city's stations' highest latitude.
Show dates ordered by descending cloud cover rate .
Show dates ordered by descending cloud cover rate . Also show me the cloud cover rate .
Show dates ordered by descending cloud cover rate . Also show me the cloud cover rate . Only the top 5 .
Show dates ordered by descending cloud cover rate . Also show me the cloud cover rate . Only the top 5 . What are the dates that had the top 5 cloud cover rates? Also tell me the cloud cover rate.
Show trip durations .
Show trip durations . What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations ?
Show trip durations . What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations ? What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations?
Show the average duration of trips starting from each station id .
Show the average duration of trips starting from each station id . For each station , return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station .
Show the average duration of trips starting from each station id . For each station , return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station . For each station, return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station.
Show the average duration of trips ending at each station id .
Show the average duration of trips ending at each station id . For each station , find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station .
Show the average duration of trips ending at each station id . For each station , find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station . For each station, find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station.
Which zip codes ever had a max dew point reaching 70 ?
Which zip codes ever had a max dew point reaching 70 ? Which did not ?
Which zip codes ever had a max dew point reaching 70 ? Which did not ? Find all the zip codes in which the max dew point have never reached 70.
What was the average duration of trips in zip code 94103 ?
What was the average duration of trips in zip code 94103 ? Which ids of trips lasted at least that long ?
What was the average duration of trips in zip code 94103 ? Which ids of trips lasted at least that long ? Find the id for the trips that lasted at least as long as the average duration of trips in zip code 94103.
Show the min temperature and max temperature for each day .
Show the min temperature and max temperature for each day . Order that by ascending order of difference between the max and min temperatures .
Show the min temperature and max temperature for each day . Order that by ascending order of difference between the max and min temperatures . Find the day in which the difference between the max temperature and min temperature was the smallest . Also report the difference .
Show the min temperature and max temperature for each day . Order that by ascending order of difference between the max and min temperatures . Find the day in which the difference between the max temperature and min temperature was the smallest . Also report the difference . Find the day in which the difference between the max temperature and min temperature was the smallest. Also report the difference.
Which station ids never had more than 12 bikes available ?
Which station ids never had more than 12 bikes available ? Which ones ever had more than 12 bikes available ?
Which station ids never had more than 12 bikes available ? Which ones ever had more than 12 bikes available ? What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available ?
Which station ids never had more than 12 bikes available ? Which ones ever had more than 12 bikes available ? What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available ? What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available?
Which zip code had at least 100 trips taking place there ?
Which zip code had at least 100 trips taking place there ? Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70
Which zip code had at least 100 trips taking place there ? Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 Intersect those .
Which zip code had at least 100 trips taking place there ? Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 Intersect those . Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 and at least 100 trips took place.
Which end station names have more than 100 trips ending there ?
Which end station names have more than 100 trips ending there ? Which station names are in city `` Palo Alto '' ?
Which end station names have more than 100 trips ending there ? Which station names are in city `` Palo Alto '' ? Take set minus on the last two results : what are the names of stations that are located in Palo Alto city but have never been the ending point of trips more than 100 times ?
Which end station names have more than 100 trips ending there ? Which station names are in city `` Palo Alto '' ? Take set minus on the last two results : what are the names of stations that are located in Palo Alto city but have never been the ending point of trips more than 100 times ? What are the names of stations that are located in Palo Alto city but have never been the ending point of trips more than 100 times?
How many trips started from Mountain View city
How many trips started from Mountain View city How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city ?
How many trips started from Mountain View city How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city ? How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city?
Show all the information about the players .
Show all the information about the players . How many are there ?
Show all the information about the players . How many are there ? How many players are there?
What are the player names ?
What are the player names ? How many vote does each player has ?
What are the player names ? How many vote does each player has ? Who has the maximum vote ?
What are the player names ? How many vote does each player has ? Who has the maximum vote ? Order the names by number of vote in ascending order .
What are the player names ? How many vote does each player has ? Who has the maximum vote ? Order the names by number of vote in ascending order . List the names of players in ascending order of votes.
Show the player names and the residences .
Show the player names and the residences . Show the names and the occupation of each them .
Show the player names and the residences . Show the names and the occupation of each them . What are the gender and occupation of players?
Show the player names and the residences .
Show the player names and the residences . Only keep those whose gender is male .
Show the player names and the residences . Only keep those whose gender is male . Show the player names and the residences whose occupation is not `` Researcher '' .
Show the player names and the residences . Only keep those whose gender is male . Show the player names and the residences whose occupation is not `` Researcher '' . List the name and residence for players whose occupation is not "Researcher".
List the name and the sponsor name of each player .
List the name and the sponsor name of each player . How many unique sponsor names are there ?
List the name and the sponsor name of each player . How many unique sponsor names are there ? Which sponsor names support female players ?
List the name and the sponsor name of each player . How many unique sponsor names are there ? Which sponsor names support female players ? What about supporting players whose residence is `` Brandon '' or `` Birtle '' ?
List the name and the sponsor name of each player . How many unique sponsor names are there ? Which sponsor names support female players ? What about supporting players whose residence is `` Brandon '' or `` Birtle '' ? Show the names of sponsors of players whose residence is either "Brandon" or "Birtle".
What are the player names and their number of votes ?
What are the player names and their number of votes ? Which one has the minimum vote ?
What are the player names and their number of votes ? Which one has the minimum vote ? What about the one with the maximum vote ?
What are the player names and their number of votes ? Which one has the minimum vote ? What about the one with the maximum vote ? What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes?
Show the unique occupation for the players ?
Show the unique occupation for the players ? How many in total ?
Show the unique occupation for the players ? How many in total ? How many are there in each occupation ?
Show the unique occupation for the players ? How many in total ? How many are there in each occupation ? Show different occupations along with the number of players in each occupation.
Show the unique occupation for the players ?
Show the unique occupation for the players ? How many in total ?
Show the unique occupation for the players ? How many in total ? Which is the most popular occupation ?
Show the unique occupation for the players ? How many in total ? Which is the most popular occupation ? Please show the most common occupation of players.
Show the unique residences for the players ?
Show the unique residences for the players ? How many in total ?
Show the unique residences for the players ? How many in total ? Which residences have only one player ?
Show the unique residences for the players ? How many in total ? Which residences have only one player ? What about at least two ?
Show the unique residences for the players ? How many in total ? Which residences have only one player ? What about at least two ? Show the residences that have at least two players.
List the name and gender of players
List the name and gender of players How many coaches are there ?
List the name and gender of players How many coaches are there ? Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name of each .
List the name and gender of players How many coaches are there ? Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name of each . Show the names of players and names of their coaches.
Which coaches are rank in the 1st and 2nd place ?
Which coaches are rank in the 1st and 2nd place ? Which coach is the 1st , show the name of the coach ?
Which coaches are rank in the 1st and 2nd place ? Which coach is the 1st , show the name of the coach ? What are the names of players of that coach ?
Which coaches are rank in the 1st and 2nd place ? Which coach is the 1st , show the name of the coach ? What are the names of players of that coach ? Show the names of players coached by the rank 1 coach.
List the name of players
List the name of players Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name .
List the name of players Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name . Which pair starts before 2012 ?
List the name of players Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name . Which pair starts before 2012 ? What about after 2011 ?
List the name of players Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name . Which pair starts before 2012 ? What about after 2011 ? Only show the player names and genders of those results .
List the name of players Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name . Which pair starts before 2012 ? What about after 2011 ? Only show the player names and genders of those results . Show the names and genders of players with a coach starting after 2011.
List the name of players
List the name of players How many coaches in total ?
List the name of players How many coaches in total ? Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name of each .
List the name of players How many coaches in total ? Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name of each . Who is Ross Eadie 's coach ?
List the name of players How many coaches in total ? Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name of each . Who is Ross Eadie 's coach ? List all the player-coach name pair with the vote of players , in descending order .
List the name of players How many coaches in total ? Show the name of each player and also the corresponding coach name of each . Who is Ross Eadie 's coach ? List all the player-coach name pair with the vote of players , in descending order . Show the names of players and names of their coaches in descending order of the votes of players.
How many players are there ?
How many players are there ? What about coaches ?
How many players are there ? What about coaches ? Which players do not have a coach ?
How many players are there ? What about coaches ? Which players do not have a coach ? List the names of players that do not have coaches.
How many female players are there ?
How many female players are there ? What about male players ?
How many female players are there ? What about male players ? What are the residences of them ?
How many female players are there ? What about male players ? What are the residences of them ? Which residences have both female and male players ?
How many female players are there ? What about male players ? What are the residences of them ? Which residences have both female and male players ? Show the residences that have both a player of gender "M" and a player of gender "F".
How many clubs are there ?
How many clubs are there ? How many coaches in total ?
How many clubs are there ? How many coaches in total ? How many coaches are there from 'AIK ' club ?
How many clubs are there ? How many coaches in total ? How many coaches are there from 'AIK ' club ? How many coaches in each club , give the club id , club name and number of coaches .
How many clubs are there ? How many coaches in total ? How many coaches are there from 'AIK ' club ? How many coaches in each club , give the club id , club name and number of coaches . How many coaches does each club has? List the club id, name and the number of coaches.
List all the railways .
List all the railways . How many in total ?
List all the railways . How many in total ? How many railways are there?
Show all the builders of the railway .
Show all the builders of the railway . Order them in ascending alphabetical order .
Show all the builders of the railway . Order them in ascending alphabetical order . List the builders of railways in ascending alphabetical order.
Show the wheels and also locations of each railway .
Show the wheels and also locations of each railway . List the wheels and locations of the railways.
Show all the level of managers .
Show all the level of managers . What is the average level ?
Show all the level of managers . What is the average level ? What is that of the managers that come from `` United States '' ?
Show all the level of managers . What is the average level ? What is that of the managers that come from `` United States '' ? What is the maximum level of managers that do not come from `` Australia '' ?
Show all the level of managers . What is the average level ? What is that of the managers that come from `` United States '' ? What is the maximum level of managers that do not come from `` Australia '' ? What is the maximum level of managers in countries that are not "Australia"?
List all the ages of the managers
List all the ages of the managers What is the maximum value of it ?
List all the ages of the managers What is the maximum value of it ? How about the average ?
List all the ages of the managers What is the maximum value of it ? How about the average ? What is the average age for all managers?
Show the names and levels of all managers .
Show the names and levels of all managers . Only keep the name whose level is at least 7
Show the names and levels of all managers . Only keep the name whose level is at least 7 Order all the names in ascending order of level .
Show the names and levels of all managers . Only keep the name whose level is at least 7 Order all the names in ascending order of level . What are the names of managers in ascending order of level?
Show the names of the trains .
Show the names of the trains . Add the arrival time for each of them .
Show the names of the trains . Add the arrival time for each of them . What are the names and arrival times of trains?
Show the names and ages of all managers .
Show the names and ages of all managers . Only keep the ones whose level is at least 5 .
Show the names and ages of all managers . Only keep the ones whose level is at least 5 . Order all the names in descending order of the age .
Show the names and ages of all managers . Only keep the ones whose level is at least 5 . Order all the names in descending order of the age . Who is the oldest manager ?
Show the names and ages of all managers . Only keep the ones whose level is at least 5 . Order all the names in descending order of the age . Who is the oldest manager ? What is the name of the oldest manager?
List the names of the trains .
List the names of the trains . Add the locations to each .
List the names of the trains . Add the locations to each . Show the names of trains and locations of railways they are in.
List the train information with the name `` Andaman Exp '' .
List the train information with the name `` Andaman Exp '' . Which railway is it ? Show the railway name .
List the train information with the name `` Andaman Exp '' . Which railway is it ? Show the railway name . And which builder is it ?
List the train information with the name `` Andaman Exp '' . Which railway is it ? Show the railway name . And which builder is it ? Show the builder of railways associated with the trains named "Andaman Exp".
Show the builders of the railways .
Show the builders of the railways . List the railway id and the location of each railway .
Show the builders of the railways . List the railway id and the location of each railway . Only keep the ones that are associated with more than one train .
Show the builders of the railways . List the railway id and the location of each railway . Only keep the ones that are associated with more than one train . Show id and location of railways that are associated with more than one train.
Show the builders of the railways .
Show the builders of the railways . List the railway id and the builder for each one .
Show the builders of the railways . List the railway id and the builder for each one . Among those results , keep the one that associated with the most trains .
Show the builders of the railways . List the railway id and the builder for each one . Among those results , keep the one that associated with the most trains . Show the id and builder of the railway that are associated with the most trains.
List all the builders about the railways .
List all the builders about the railways . Show each one and the corresponding counts of railways .
List all the builders about the railways . Show each one and the corresponding counts of railways . Show different builders of railways, along with the corresponding number of railways using each builder.
List all the builders .
List all the builders . Show the builders and the corresponding counts of each .
List all the builders . Show the builders and the corresponding counts of each . Which one is the most popular one ?
List all the builders . Show the builders and the corresponding counts of each . Which one is the most popular one ? Show the most common builder of railways.
List all the locations .
List all the locations . Which ones have more than one railways ?
List all the locations . Which ones have more than one railways ? Show the locations and the corresponding counts of each .
List all the locations . Which ones have more than one railways ? Show the locations and the corresponding counts of each . Show different locations of railways along with the corresponding number of railways at each location.
List all the locations .
List all the locations . What are the corresponding counts of railways ?
List all the locations . What are the corresponding counts of railways ? Which locations have more than one railways ?
List all the locations . What are the corresponding counts of railways ? Which locations have more than one railways ? Show the locations that have more than one railways.
Show all the information about each railway .
Show all the information about each railway . What are the object numbers ?
Show all the information about each railway . What are the object numbers ? Which of the railway has no trains , keep the object number .
Show all the information about each railway . What are the object numbers ? Which of the railway has no trains , keep the object number . List the object number of railways that do not have any trains.
List all the countries of the managers .
List all the countries of the managers . How many are there ?
List all the countries of the managers . How many are there ? Keep the ones where the manager age is in the range of 50 and 46
List all the countries of the managers . How many are there ? Keep the ones where the manager age is in the range of 50 and 46 What about the other countries ?
List all the countries of the managers . How many are there ? Keep the ones where the manager age is in the range of 50 and 46 What about the other countries ? Show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 and managers of age below 46.
List all the countries of the managers .
List all the countries of the managers . How many unique ones are there ?
List all the countries of the managers . How many unique ones are there ? Show the distinct countries of managers.
List the manager names and the working years .
List the manager names and the working years . Which is the maximum working years ?
List the manager names and the working years . Which is the maximum working years ? Order the working years by the manager level .
List the manager names and the working years . Which is the maximum working years ? Order the working years by the manager level . Show the working years of managers in descending order of their level.
List all the climber information .
List all the climber information . How many records are there ?
List all the climber information . How many records are there ? How many climbers are there?
What are the names of the climbers ?
What are the names of the climbers ? Keep the ones whose point is at least 6 ?
What are the names of the climbers ? Keep the ones whose point is at least 6 ? Order all the climber names in descending order of points .
What are the names of the climbers ? Keep the ones whose point is at least 6 ? Order all the climber names in descending order of points . List the names of climbers in descending order of points.
What are the names of the climbers ?
What are the names of the climbers ? Keep the ones whose point is at least 4.6 ?
What are the names of the climbers ? Keep the ones whose point is at least 4.6 ? Keep the ones whose country is `` West Germany '' .
What are the names of the climbers ? Keep the ones whose point is at least 4.6 ? Keep the ones whose country is `` West Germany '' . What about the ones whose country is not `` Switzerland '' ?
What are the names of the climbers ? Keep the ones whose point is at least 4.6 ? Keep the ones whose country is `` West Germany '' . What about the ones whose country is not `` Switzerland '' ? List the names of climbers whose country is not Switzerland.
Which climber comes from Switzerland ?
Which climber comes from Switzerland ? What about United Kingdom ?
Which climber comes from Switzerland ? What about United Kingdom ? List all the points of those climber .
Which climber comes from Switzerland ? What about United Kingdom ? List all the points of those climber . What is the maximum point number ?
Which climber comes from Switzerland ? What about United Kingdom ? List all the points of those climber . What is the maximum point number ? What is the maximum point for climbers whose country is United Kingdom?
List all the countries of the climbers .
List all the countries of the climbers . How many unique countries are there ?
List all the countries of the climbers . How many unique countries are there ? How many distinct countries are the climbers from?
Show all the information about the mountains .
Show all the information about the mountains . List those results in ascending alphabetical order by the mountain names .
Show all the information about the mountains . List those results in ascending alphabetical order by the mountain names . What are the mountain names from those results ?
Show all the information about the mountains . List those results in ascending alphabetical order by the mountain names . What are the mountain names from those results ? What are the names of mountains in ascending alphabetical order?
List all the countries of the mountains .
List all the countries of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain height is more than 4985.0 .
List all the countries of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain height is more than 4985.0 . What about the height is more than 5000 ?
List all the countries of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain height is more than 4985.0 . What about the height is more than 5000 ? What are the countries of mountains with height bigger than 5000?
List all the names of the mountains .
List all the names of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain Prominence is more than 900.0 .
List all the names of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain Prominence is more than 900.0 . So which mountain is the highest one ?
List all the names of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain Prominence is more than 900.0 . So which mountain is the highest one ? What is the name of the highest mountain?
List all the ranges of the mountains .
List all the ranges of the mountains . Order those results by Prominence in descending order .
List all the ranges of the mountains . Order those results by Prominence in descending order . Which one is the top one ?
List all the ranges of the mountains . Order those results by Prominence in descending order . Which one is the top one ? What about top 3 ?
List all the ranges of the mountains . Order those results by Prominence in descending order . Which one is the top one ? What about top 3 ? List the distinct ranges of the mountains with the top 3 prominence.
List all the climber names
List all the climber names Show the mountain names for those climbers .
List all the climber names Show the mountain names for those climbers . Show names of climbers and the names of mountains they climb.
Show all the climber names
Show all the climber names Also show the mountain height for those climbers .
Show all the climber names Also show the mountain height for those climbers . Show the names of climbers and the heights of mountains they climb.
Which climbers have the point to be 8.0
Which climbers have the point to be 8.0 Which one has the minimum point ?
Which climbers have the point to be 8.0 Which one has the minimum point ? What about the maximum ?
Which climbers have the point to be 8.0 Which one has the minimum point ? What about the maximum ? Show the mountain height of the mountain that climber has climbed .
Which climbers have the point to be 8.0 Which one has the minimum point ? What about the maximum ? Show the mountain height of the mountain that climber has climbed . Show the height of the mountain climbed by the climber with the maximum points.
List all the climber names who come from `` United Kingdom '' .
List all the climber names who come from `` United Kingdom '' . What about from `` West Germany ''
List all the climber names who come from `` United Kingdom '' . What about from `` West Germany '' Show the mountains they have climbed .
List all the climber names who come from `` United Kingdom '' . What about from `` West Germany '' Show the mountains they have climbed . Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country "West Germany".
How many countries are there ?
How many countries are there ? How many mountains are there in Tanzania ?
How many countries are there ? How many mountains are there in Tanzania ? What about in Uganda ?
How many countries are there ? How many mountains are there in Tanzania ? What about in Uganda ? List the times used by the climbers for those mountains .
How many countries are there ? How many mountains are there in Tanzania ? What about in Uganda ? List the times used by the climbers for those mountains . Show the times used by climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda.
How many unique countries in total ?
How many unique countries in total ? Show the countries with the number of mountains for each of them .
How many unique countries in total ? Show the countries with the number of mountains for each of them . Please show the countries and the number of climbers from each country.
How many countries in total ?
How many countries in total ? List the countries with the number of mountains for each .
How many countries in total ? List the countries with the number of mountains for each . Keep the country names that have only one mountain .
How many countries in total ? List the countries with the number of mountains for each . Keep the country names that have only one mountain . How about more than one mountain ?
How many countries in total ? List the countries with the number of mountains for each . Keep the country names that have only one mountain . How about more than one mountain ? List the countries that have more than one mountain.
List the names of all the mountains
List the names of all the mountains Which of those has no climbers ?
List the names of all the mountains Which of those has no climbers ? List the names of mountains that do not have any climber.
List all the countries of the mountains .
List all the countries of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain height is more than 4985.0 .
List all the countries of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain height is more than 4985.0 . What about the height is more than 5600 ?
List all the countries of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain height is more than 4985.0 . What about the height is more than 5600 ? Keep the country names where the mountain height is within the range of 5200 to 5600 .
List all the countries of the mountains . Keep the ones that the mountain height is more than 4985.0 . What about the height is more than 5600 ? Keep the country names where the mountain height is within the range of 5200 to 5600 . Show the countries that have mountains with height more than 5600 stories and mountains with height less than 5200.
List all the ranges of mountains .
List all the ranges of mountains . How many unique ranges are there ?
List all the ranges of mountains . How many unique ranges are there ? How many mountains in each range ?
List all the ranges of mountains . How many unique ranges are there ? How many mountains in each range ? Which one has the largest number of mountains ?
List all the ranges of mountains . How many unique ranges are there ? How many mountains in each range ? Which one has the largest number of mountains ? Show the range that has the most number of mountains.
List all the devices
List all the devices How many are there ?
List all the devices How many are there ? How many devices are there?
List all the carrier names of each device
List all the carrier names of each device How many are there ?
List all the carrier names of each device How many are there ? Order the carrier names in ascending order .
List all the carrier names of each device How many are there ? Order the carrier names in ascending order . List the carriers of devices in ascending alphabetical order.
List the carrier name and software platform of each device
List the carrier name and software platform of each device How many of them use Android as software platform ?
List the carrier name and software platform of each device How many of them use Android as software platform ? What about not Android ?
List the carrier name and software platform of each device How many of them use Android as software platform ? What about not Android ? What are the carrier names of them ?
List the carrier name and software platform of each device How many of them use Android as software platform ? What about not Android ? What are the carrier names of them ? What are the carriers of devices whose software platforms are not "Android"?
List the shop names and their open year .
List the shop names and their open year . Keep the shop names , then show those names in ascending order of open year .
List the shop names and their open year . Keep the shop names , then show those names in ascending order of open year . What are the names of shops in ascending order of open year?
What is the minimum quantity of stocks ?
What is the minimum quantity of stocks ? What about the average value ?
What is the minimum quantity of stocks ? What about the average value ? What is the average quantity of stocks?
List all the names of the shop and their locations
List all the names of the shop and their locations Order those results in ascending alphabetical order of name .
List all the names of the shop and their locations Order those results in ascending alphabetical order of name . What are the names and location of the shops in ascending alphabetical order of name.
Show all in the information about devices .
Show all in the information about devices . What are the unique software platforms
Show all in the information about devices . What are the unique software platforms How many are there ?
Show all in the information about devices . What are the unique software platforms How many are there ? How many different software platforms are there for devices?
Show the information about the shops that are not `` Apple '' .
Show the information about the shops that are not `` Apple '' . How about the shops are `` Apple '' ?
Show the information about the shops that are not `` Apple '' . How about the shops are `` Apple '' ? What are the open dates and open years of them ?
Show the information about the shops that are not `` Apple '' . How about the shops are `` Apple '' ? What are the open dates and open years of them ? List the open date of open year of the shop named "Apple".
List the names and open year of all the shops .
List the names and open year of all the shops . Keep those opens later than 2010 ?
List the names and open year of all the shops . Keep those opens later than 2010 ? Order all the shop names by the open year , from early to late .
List the names and open year of all the shops . Keep those opens later than 2010 ? Order all the shop names by the open year , from early to late . Show the name of the shop with the latest open year .
List the names and open year of all the shops . Keep those opens later than 2010 ? Order all the shop names by the open year , from early to late . Show the name of the shop with the latest open year . List the name of the shop with the latest open year.
List the shop names .
List the shop names . Keep the names where there is a stock
List the shop names . Keep the names where there is a stock Keep the names of shops and the carriers of devices where there is a stock .
List the shop names . Keep the names where there is a stock Keep the names of shops and the carriers of devices where there is a stock . Show names of shops and the carriers of devices they have in stock.
List all the shop names .
List all the shop names . List all the shop names that has stock in the shops .
List all the shop names . List all the shop names that has stock in the shops . Among those , keep the shop names whose open year is later than 2010
List all the shop names . List all the shop names that has stock in the shops . Among those , keep the shop names whose open year is later than 2010 List the names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock .
List all the shop names . List all the shop names that has stock in the shops . Among those , keep the shop names whose open year is later than 2010 List the names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock . Show names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock.
List all the shop names .
List all the shop names . Which shop has the least quantity of devices , show the shop name .
List all the shop names . Which shop has the least quantity of devices , show the shop name . What about the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock ?
List all the shop names . Which shop has the least quantity of devices , show the shop name . What about the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock ? Show the name of the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock.
List all the shop names .
List all the shop names . Which shop has the least quantity of devices , show the shop name .
List all the shop names . Which shop has the least quantity of devices , show the shop name . What about the largest quantity one ?
List all the shop names . Which shop has the least quantity of devices , show the shop name . What about the largest quantity one ? Show the name of the shop that have the largest quantity of devices in stock.
Show all the software platforms
Show all the software platforms How many for each ?
Show all the software platforms How many for each ? Please show different software platforms and the corresponding number of devices using each.
Show all the software platforms
Show all the software platforms How many device for each ?
Show all the software platforms How many device for each ? Order the software platforms by popularity , from the most to the least ?
Show all the software platforms How many device for each ? Order the software platforms by popularity , from the most to the least ? Please show the software platforms of devices in descending order of the count.
Show all the software platforms
Show all the software platforms How many for each ?
Show all the software platforms How many for each ? Which two are the most popular software platform ?
Show all the software platforms How many for each ? Which two are the most popular software platform ? What about top 1 ?
Show all the software platforms How many for each ? Which two are the most popular software platform ? What about top 1 ? List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices.
What are the names of the shops ?
What are the names of the shops ? Which shop has some devices in stock ?
What are the names of the shops ? Which shop has some devices in stock ? What about no device at all ?
What are the names of the shops ? Which shop has some devices in stock ? What about no device at all ? List the names of shops that have no devices in stock.
Show all the shop names and the location
Show all the shop names and the location Keep those shops which opened in January .
Show all the shop names and the location Keep those shops which opened in January . Keep the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008 .
Show all the shop names and the location Keep those shops which opened in January . Keep the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008 . Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008.
List all the carriers
List all the carriers Show all the unique carriers of the devices in the stock .
List all the carriers Show all the unique carriers of the devices in the stock . Which carriers have no devices in stock ?
List all the carriers Show all the unique carriers of the devices in the stock . Which carriers have no devices in stock ? List the carriers of devices that have no devices in stock.
List all the actors .
List all the actors . How many are there ?
List all the actors . How many are there ? How many actors are there?
Show all the names of the actors .
Show all the names of the actors . List them in ascending alphabetical order .
Show all the names of the actors . List them in ascending alphabetical order . List the name of actors in ascending alphabetical order.
List all the actors .
List all the actors . How many in total ?
List all the actors . How many in total ? What are the characters and duration of them ?
List all the actors . How many in total ? What are the characters and duration of them ? What are the characters and duration of actors?
List all the names and ages .
List all the names and ages . Keep the names who are younger than 21 .
List all the names and ages . Keep the names who are younger than 21 . What about the names of actors whose age is not 20 .
List all the names and ages . Keep the names who are younger than 21 . What about the names of actors whose age is not 20 . List the name of actors whose age is not 20.
Show the characters of actors .
Show the characters of actors . List them in descending order of age .
Show the characters of actors . List them in descending order of age . What are the characters of actors in descending order of age?
List the durations of all actors .
List the durations of all actors . What is the duration of 'Lynne McGranger ' ?
List the durations of all actors . What is the duration of 'Lynne McGranger ' ? What about the oldest actor ?
List the durations of all actors . What is the duration of 'Lynne McGranger ' ? What about the oldest actor ? What is the duration of the oldest actor?
Show all the musical names information .
Show all the musical names information . Which of them has the award of 'Tony Award ' ?
Show all the musical names information . Which of them has the award of 'Tony Award ' ? What about having the nominee of `` Bob Fosse '' ?
Show all the musical names information . Which of them has the award of 'Tony Award ' ? What about having the nominee of `` Bob Fosse '' ? What are the names of musicals with nominee "Bob Fosse"?
Show all the musical names information .
Show all the musical names information . Which of them has the nominee of `` Bob Fosse '' ?
Show all the musical names information . Which of them has the nominee of `` Bob Fosse '' ? How about the award of 'Tony Award ' ?
Show all the musical names information . Which of them has the nominee of `` Bob Fosse '' ? How about the award of 'Tony Award ' ? What about the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not that award ?
Show all the musical names information . Which of them has the nominee of `` Bob Fosse '' ? How about the award of 'Tony Award ' ? What about the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not that award ? What are the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not "Tony Award"?
List all the names of actors .
List all the names of actors . Show the names of actors and their corresponding musical names .
List all the names of actors . Show the names of actors and their corresponding musical names . Show names of actors and names of musicals they are in.
Which actors appeared in musical with name `` Wicked '' ?
Which actors appeared in musical with name `` Wicked '' ? What about `` The Phantom of the Opera '' ?
Which actors appeared in musical with name `` Wicked '' ? What about `` The Phantom of the Opera '' ? Show names of actors that have appeared in musical with name "The Phantom of the Opera".
List the names of actors and their musical names .
List the names of actors and their musical names . Order the names of actors in in descending order of the year their musical is awarded .
List the names of actors and their musical names . Order the names of actors in in descending order of the year their musical is awarded . Show names of actors in descending order of the year their musical is awarded.
Which musical name has two actors ?
Which musical name has two actors ? Show each musical name and the number of actors .
Which musical name has two actors ? Show each musical name and the number of actors . Show names of musicals and the number of actors who have appeared in the musicals.
List the names of actors and their musical names .
List the names of actors and their musical names . What are the musical names that have two actors ?
List the names of actors and their musical names . What are the musical names that have two actors ? What about at least three actors ?
List the names of actors and their musical names . What are the musical names that have two actors ? What about at least three actors ? Show names of musicals which have at least three actors.
List all the nominee names .
List all the nominee names . Count how many musicals for each .
List all the nominee names . Count how many musicals for each . Show different nominees and the number of musicals they have been nominated.
Count how many musicals for each one .
Count how many musicals for each one . Which nominee has 2 musicals ?
Count how many musicals for each one . Which nominee has 2 musicals ? Who has been nominated the greatest number of times ?
Count how many musicals for each one . Which nominee has 2 musicals ? Who has been nominated the greatest number of times ? Please show the nominee who has been nominated the greatest number of times.
List all the results from the musicals .
List all the results from the musicals . How many are there for each result type ?
List all the results from the musicals . How many are there for each result type ? Which one is the most popular result ?
List all the results from the musicals . How many are there for each result type ? Which one is the most popular result ? List the most common result of the musicals.
Show all the nominees .
Show all the nominees . Count how many musicals for each one .
Show all the nominees . Count how many musicals for each one . Which nominee has 5 musicals ?
Show all the nominees . Count how many musicals for each one . Which nominee has 5 musicals ? How about more than two musicals ?
Show all the nominees . Count how many musicals for each one . Which nominee has 5 musicals ? How about more than two musicals ? List the nominees that have been nominated more than two musicals.
List all the information about musicals .
List all the information about musicals . Show all the names of musicals which have actors .
List all the information about musicals . Show all the names of musicals which have actors . What about having no actors ?
List all the information about musicals . Show all the names of musicals which have actors . What about having no actors ? List the name of musicals that do not have actors.
Show all the information about the musical that has the award of 'Tony Award ' ?
Show all the information about the musical that has the award of 'Tony Award ' ? What are the nominees with award `` Bob Fosse '' or `` Cleavant Derricks '' ?
Show all the information about the musical that has the award of 'Tony Award ' ? What are the nominees with award `` Bob Fosse '' or `` Cleavant Derricks '' ? What about both `` Tony Award '' and `` Drama Desk Award '' ?
Show all the information about the musical that has the award of 'Tony Award ' ? What are the nominees with award `` Bob Fosse '' or `` Cleavant Derricks '' ? What about both `` Tony Award '' and `` Drama Desk Award '' ? Show the nominees that have nominated musicals for both "Tony Award" and "Drama Desk Award".
